UNK of Georgia's automobile title law was also recommended by the outgoing jury .
The grand jury took a UNK at the State Welfare Department's handling of federal funds granted for child welfare services in UNK homes .
UNK UNK new UNK airport , the jury recommended `` that when the new management takes charge Jan. 1 the airport be operated in a manner that will eliminate political influences '' .
UNK has been mayor of Atlanta , with exception of one brief UNK , since 1937 .
UNK UNK had been expected for some time .
A revolving fund
A veteran Jackson County legislator will ask the Georgia House Monday to back federal aid to education , something it has consistently opposed in the past .
He told the committee the measure would merely provide means of UNK the UNK law which has been on the books `` since Texas was a republic '' .
He also complained that not enough notice was given on the hearing , since the bill was introduced only last Monday .
`` We're getting more ' pro ' letters than ' UNK ' on horse race UNK '' , said UNK .
The house passed finally , and sent to the Senate , a bill extending the State Health Department's authority to give planning assistance to cities .
The third amended the enabling act for creation of the UNK county Hospital District , for which a special constitutional amendment previously was adopted .
Without UNK , UNK passed a bill by Sen. A. R. UNK of UNK UNK establishment in the future of a school for the mentally retarded in the Gulf Coast district .
Two tax revision bills were passed .
It was one of a series of recommendations by the Texas Research League .
UNK gas public utility companies would be given the right of eminent domain , under a bill by Sen. Frank Owen 3 , of El Paso , to acquire sites for underground storage UNK for gas .
The proposal would have to receive final legislative approval , by two-thirds UNK , before March 1 to be printed on the April 4 ballot , Roberts said .
Rep. James UNK of UNK insisted that a water development bill passed by the Texas House of Representatives was an effort by big cities like Dallas and Fort UNK to cover up places like Paradise , a UNK County UNK of 250 people .
UNK also would require UNK high teachers to have at least 24 semester hours credit in the subject they are teaching .
UNK of the 150 representatives immediately joined UNK as UNK of the proposal .
In addition , Dr. Clark has studied at Rhode Island State College and Massachusetts Institute of UNK .
`` Must solve problem ''
UNK for extension
Research projects as soon as possible on the causes and prevention of UNK and UNK .
The UNK by Charles Bellows , chief defense counsel , startled observers and was viewed as the UNK to a quarrel between the six attorneys representing the eight former policemen now on trial .
`` What this amounts to , if true , is that there will be a UNK fight in this case .
The President spent much of the UNK at his summer home on Cape UNK writing the first UNK of portions of the address with the help of White House aids in Washington with whom he talked by telephone .
UNK said the work President Kennedy , advisers , and members of his staff were doing on the address involved composition and UNK , rather than last minute decisions on administration plans to meet the latest Berlin crisis precipitated by Russia's demands and proposals for the city .
Karns said that the cases involved a matter `` of even greater significance than the guilt or innocence '' of the 50 persons .
UNK ruling UNK to eight of the 10 cases .
Karns said it was a `` UNK act '' for UNK to take statements `` privately and outside of the grand jury room '' .
The President , in a special message to Congress , tied in with his aged care plan requests for large federal grants to finance medical and dental scholarships , build 20 new medical and 20 new dental schools , and expand child health care and general medical research .
It would be financed by UNK the social security payroll tax by as much as UNK a year for each of the workers now paying such taxes .
The Kennedy plan alone would boost the base to UNK a year and the payroll tax to UNK per cent -- UNK per cent each .
The President recommended federal `` matching grants '' UNK 700 million dollars in 10 years for constructing new medical and dental schools or UNK the capacity of existing ones .
Senate Republican UNK UNK ( Ill. ) and House Republican UNK Charles UNK ( UNK ) said the message did not persuade them to change their opposition to UNK medical insurance .
-- Acting hastily under White House pressure , the Senate tonight confirmed Robert C. UNK as the nation's federal housing chief .
This increase in the `` threshold '' , as the conventional forces strengthening is called , will prove one of the UNK most difficult problems in the months to come .
The Kennedy administration moves UNK toward a Geneva conference on Laos just as serious debate over its foreign policy UNK for the first time .
The United States , State Department officials explain , now is mainly interested in setting up an international inspection system which will prevent Laos from being used as a base for Communist attacks on neighboring UNK and South Viet Nam .
They count on the aid of the neutral countries attending the Geneva conference to achieve this .
The United States hopes that any future Lao UNK would not become Communist dominated .
and concentrate its constructive efforts on eliminating in other parts of Latin America the social conditions on which UNK nationalism feeds '' .
UNK on nuclear test UNK negotiations were reviewed and changed .
The pro-Western government , which the United States had helped in a revolt against the UNK UNK `` neutralist '' government , never did appear to spark much fighting spirit in the Royal Lao Army .
In an important UNK of national leadership in this field , he has issued an executive order establishing the President's committee on UNK UNK and UNK , to be supported and assisted by a Citizens Advisory Council of recognized authorities on juvenile problems .
Along with a director , the city should provide a CD headquarters so that pertinent information about the local organization would be centralized .
A copy was released to the press .
Mr. Notte was responding to a resolution adopted by the Central Falls City Council on July 10 and sent to the state house by Miss Grant .
While the city council suggested that the UNK Council might perform the review , Mr. Notte said that instead he will take up the matter with UNK Gen. J. Joseph UNK to get `` the benefit of his views '' .
Some of my fellow workers were UNK me for an office in the Socialist Party .
UNK on a new ordinance permitting UNK who UNK guilty to minor traffic UNK to pay UNK at the local police station may be taken at UNK special North Providence Town Council meeting .
Now he's gone , the Republican Party is not going to be able to sell the UNK remains to the people of the state '' .
`` He calls for help while saying he is against UNK , but you can't have it both ways '' , Jones said .
That , too , will fail '' .
County UNK UNK R. UNK , who is a candidate for the Democratic gubernatorial nomination , today called for an end to paper UNK in those counties in the state which still use them .
UNK added that he would ask for exclusive use of voting machines in the state by January , UNK .
Hughes said , `` This is not a plan to UNK space -- but to UNK it '' , pointing out the state population has increased UNK each year since 1950 .
Some viewed this attempt as evidence that Mr. Wagner regarded himself as bigger than the party .
UNK reported
Their view is that UNK changes the Mayor is UNK to make in the Democratic ticket only emphasize the weakness of his performance as Mayor .
-- A wave of public resentment against corruption in government is rising in Massachusetts .
`` It's ' See Joe , see Jim ' '' , he says .
`` The hand is out '' .
A political scientist writes of the growth of `` alienated voters '' , who `` believe that voting is useless because politicians or those who influence politicians are corrupt , selfish and beyond popular control .
A reader of the Boston newspapers can hardly escape the impression that UNK UNK , or worse , is the norm in Massachusetts public life .
-- Congress starts another week tomorrow with sharply contrasting UNK for the two chambers .
Mr. UNK has been in the hospital but is expected back Tuesday .
Six of these were proposed by religious groups .
`` I'm a missionary '' .
R. UNK UNK Jr. , director of the corps , is certain that they can .
United Nations , N. Y. , June 18
The new formula for filling staff positions in the UNK is one of a number of recommendations made by a panel of eight in a long and detailed report .
The decision was made in UNK by Prince UNK UNK , Premier of the pro-Western royal Government ; ;
W. UNK UNK of the United States , UNK UNK of Britain , Maurice UNK De UNK , UNK Foreign Minister , and Howard C. Green , UNK Minister of UNK Affairs , concluded , meanwhile , a round of UNK here on future tactics in the conference .
UNK UNK , Prince UNK UNK young daughter , read the UNK statement .
UNK on square
Consequently , it is uncertain after nearly 12 months in office just which direction the Barnett administration will take in the coming year .
The year will probably start out with segregation still the most UNK issue .
The transition from segregation to finances might already be in progress , in the form of an administration proposal to UNK the state sales tax from 2 per cent to 3 per cent .
The administration has said the sales tax proposal is merely part of the segregation strategy , since the revenues from the increase would be dedicated to a grant in aid program .
This is not the sort of thing most UNK would care to acknowledge publicly .
A constant problem confronting Davis on any proposals for new taxes will be the charge by his UNK that he has not tried to UNK .
The UNK charge of UNK was the latest development in an investigation which also brought these UNK Tuesday :
UNK range in UNK
Samuel D. UNK , representing the Philadelphia Hotel Association , objected on Tuesday to a proposed boost by the city in licensing fees , saying that UNK rates in major hotels here ranged from 48 to UNK percent last year .
UNK at hearing
The ordinance would increase the fee for UNK houses , hotels and UNK dwellings to $5 a room .
A proposal to raise dog license fees drew an objection from UNK Virginia UNK , who formerly raised UNK dogs .
The new fee schedule also was supported by Commissioner of UNK and UNK UNK UNK and Health Commissioner Eugene A. UNK .
UNK asking for a jail term for UNK attorney Julian W. UNK will be presented to the Montgomery County Court Friday , it was disclosed Tuesday by UNK A. UNK , counsel for the widow of the man killed last Nov. 1 by UNK UNK car .
UNK wife and two of his sons , John , 17 , and Jim , 13 , were inside the house .
UNK the military UNK which has ruled UNK since the UNK of Premier UNK UNK 17 months ago , the army general staff , led by Gen. UNK UNK , had set a UNK for the parties to join in a national coalition government .
Gen. UNK has headed the military UNK the last 17 months .
The military also had demanded UNK that there would be no changes in the laws passed by the UNK and no leaders of the UNK regime now in prison would be UNK .
He told some 350 persons that the United UNK challenge was to help countries build their own societies their own ways , following their own paths .
The United States must plan to absorb the UNK goods of the country , at what he termed a `` social cost '' .
But there seemed to be some difference of opinion as to how far the board should go , and whose advice it should follow .
On Friday he will go to Portland for the UNK in of Dean UNK as UNK County UNK Judge .
-- Three positions on the Oak Lodge Water district board of directors have attracted 11 candidates .
UNK this UNK term are James UNK , Dwight M. UNK , James C. UNK , UNK UNK and Theodore W. UNK .
The first of 16 beliefs of the denomination , now reads :
' church meets change '
Pete UNK was sent in for House and , after failing in a UNK attempt , UNK to UNK on the grass back of short .
Jim Gentile bounced a hard shot off UNK glove and beat it out for a single , and when UNK grabbed the ball and threw it over first UNK UNK head Brandt took third and Gentile second on the error .
UNK `` improved UNK ''
`` I think I can do a better job with the glove , now that I know the UNK around the league a little better '' , he said .
UNK , Sheldon on hill
The UNK Yankee UNK , now retired , has been UNK as a batting coach .
`` Take a ride on this one '' , Brooks Robinson greeted Hansen as the UNK third UNK grabbed a bat , headed for the plate and bounced a UNK UNK double off the UNK wall tonight .
`` Then we'd really have UNK to go '' .
Richard M. UNK UNK , which had what seemed to be a substantial lead in the early stages , tired rapidly nearing the wire and was able to save place money only a head in front of UNK T. UNK UNK Miss .
Cleveland , March 17 ( AP )
-- George UNK , the UNK UNK , set a meet record in the UNK run in the UNK of Columbus track meet tonight , beating UNK Dave Mills in a hot UNK in UNK .
Both were under the meet mark of UNK set in 1950 by UNK UNK .
-- A Texas halfback who doesn't even know the UNK plays , UNK Moritz , ranks fourth in Southwest Conference UNK after three games .
He kicked several while playing at UNK High School , including one that beat UNK , UNK , in a 1953 district game .
His statistical record that year , when Texas won only one game and lost nine , was far from impressive : he carried the ball three times for a net gain of 10 yards , UNK once for UNK yards and caught one pass for 13 yards .
UNK :
he now has UNK yards in 22 tries during three games .
UNK Jack UNK injured a knee in the Washington State game but UNK he'll be ready for Oklahoma .
A good feeling UNK on the UNK UNK staff Monday , but attention quickly turned from UNK victory to next week's problem : Rice University .
We needed it and we got it '' .
One was on a UNK screen pass from the UNK 21 after an incomplete pass into UNK territory .
Rice has not played since UNK a knee in the UNK with Maryland .
The game players saw the Air Force film Monday , ran for 30 minutes , then went in , while the UNK UNK for 45 minutes .
UNK UNK UNK , slowed for almost a month by a UNK UNK ankle , joined UNK workout Monday .
UNK UNK six and walked only Charley UNK in the third inning .
He has given only the one pass in his 27 UNK , an unusual characteristic for a UNK .
Dick UNK cracked the first of his two doubles against UNK Don UNK to open the UNK attack .
Mary UNK UNK was back at the organ .
St. UNK , May 1 -- ( AP )
UNK , UNK , May 1 -- ( AP )
`` I know when my UNK are gone and I'm not going to be any UNK man on the ball club '' .
She said , when she learned UNK was heading home : `` I'm just UNK , but I have to think Jack feels he's UNK UNK chances '' .
UNK UNK UNK UNK of the UNK Standard Examiner went to his compartment to talk with him .
`` I can't hit UNK .
I can't throw .
Just when it seems baseball might be losing its grip on the masses up UNK UNK to start millions of UNK to UNK .
I remember his UNK performance in a meaningless exhibition game at Bears Stadium Oct. 14 , 1951 , before a new record crowd for the period of UNK .
UNK big day UNK the running argument about the relative merits of Mays and Mickey Mantle .
Actually they were helpless to do anything about the UNK policy .
UNK UNK , UNK for UNK , smashed a UNK homer off Bill Henry during another UNK explosion in the fourth .
The UNK also took advantage of three Cincinnati errors .
The selection had been expected .
Stengel will receive the Ben UNK Good Guy Award .
To UNK will go the UNK Mercer Memorial Award as the UNK player of the year .
The UNK Shea , a prominent corporation lawyer with a sports background , is generally recognized as the man most responsible for the UNK return of a National League club to New York .
When he was unable to bring about immediate expansion , he sought to UNK another National League club to move here .
Shea and his wife , UNK , make their home at UNK Point , L. I. .
Bill Jr. , 20 , UNK , 15 , and Patricia , 9 , round out the Shea family .
`` It was a nice round figure , that 12 '' , he said as he headed for the UNK , not too much UNK .
Asked Willie at one stage of his UNK project .
It happened on the UNK hole , a UNK .
`` You're wrong '' , said Arnold , a man who knows the rules .
However , this would require a UNK of the season from thirteen to fourteen weeks .
They have the same men , no age problem , no injuries and they also have UNK UNK UNK for the full season , along with Bobby UNK '' .
Harvey UNK , set back by the flu this season , will start against his former Cardinal mates , who might be playing without captain UNK UNK in UNK game at UNK Stadium .
`` He should be getting back in the UNK before long .
Our pitching is much better than it has shown '' .
The statistics hardly indicated that the Pirates needed extra batting practice , but UNK also turned his men loose at UNK Stadium yesterday .
Six UNK over .
Until the UNK UNK UNK down a bit in Cincinnati over the weekend , the champions had eight men hitting over .
`` We're getting Friend some runs for a change , and he has been pitching good '' , UNK said .
In 1958 , the Birds were UNK on May 1 .
The boys had a tremendous respect for each other's ability .
UNK , the only junior in the group , was UNK for his ability to hit in the UNK , as well as his UNK excellent play .
On the clock given him was the UNK , `` For UNK UNK to UNK UNK , UNK '' .
St. Louis University found a way to win a baseball game .
Mays and Mantle , both 10-year men at 30 , have so much ability that , baseball men agree , they've never hit the heights .
Also present will be the UNK children , Joan , 13 , and UNK , 11 .
Mr. UNK and his bride will live in his Lake Forest house .
The UNK formerly lived in Lake Forest .
Mr. and Mrs. Stevens and the UNK other UNK and UNK , the UNK C. UNK , the Homer E. UNK , and the David UNK UNK , will give the UNK dinner tonight in the UNK home .
Her UNK , who is with a publishing firm , UNK many books from English into Italian .
Here and there
The party is to raise money for the Old Town Art center and to plant more UNK trees along the streets of Old Town .
Everybody has a different idea on the ethics and morals of driving away neighbors , when and if .
UNK UNK Charley was a favorite date of many of UNK UNK UNK for years .
It'll be an all day affair with UNK of UNK new one , `` UNK Come Back '' , and `` UNK UNK Song '' .
UNK the People : UNK UNK UNK gave up a promising show UNK career to apply UNK touches to her UNK , Ray UNK fur firm here .
UNK But on to the UNK side Johnny UNK , the only real UNK , telephoned UNK UNK , his first `` Jane '' ( now at UNK Lane ) and muttered , `` Me UNK , this Jane '' ? ?
Gene Marshall , UNK manager of the club , has announced that the Garden of the UNK will open to members Thursday , June 1 .
Mr. and Mrs. UNK UNK have returned to their home in Colorado Springs after spending a few days at the Brown Palace Hotel .
The committee for the annual Central City fashion show has been announced by Mrs. D. W. Moore , chairman .
`` Usually at this point a man is UNK from society and one of my jobs is to see that he UNK to UNK with his fellow men '' , Mrs. Marr explained .
There the Royal UNK UNK `` all facilities , UNK heat , air conditioned , UNK , free TV , storm cellar '' .
That made up for the `` best '' motel in Norman , UNK , where the proprietor knocked $2 off the UNK UNK when we found ants in the UNK furniture .
Her husband , who is the son of UNK John Mason of UNK , La. , and the late Mrs. Henry UNK UNK , was president of UNK UNK UNK and a member of Delta UNK UNK at UNK Tech , and did graduate work at Rhodes University in UNK , South Africa , on a UNK Fellowship .
Miss Mary Ross of UNK was maid of honor , and UNK were Miss Pat UNK of Austin , Mrs. Howard M. Dean of UNK , Ill. , and Mrs. James A. UNK of UNK , La. .
But she does indicate festivities will start early , that a jazz UNK will `` give with the UNK Street beat '' during the cocktail and dinner hours and that Lester UNK orchestra will take over during the dancing .
It is just bad luck that we are having the party in a month with no UNK , so no oysters .
The fashion show , by UNK UNK will have Mrs. John UNK as UNK .
Among them will be UNK UNK , Ben UNK , UNK UNK , Alfred Van UNK and Milton UNK .
Mr. UNK has agreed to do a portrait of the family of the person who wins the door prize .
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick UNK are entertaining Mr. Walter UNK , of Vienna ; ;
UNK Warren Taylor , UNK , and Mrs. Taylor , of E. Greenwich , R. I. , will have with them for the Easter holidays the latter's parents , Mr. and Mrs. John B. UNK , of Drexel Hill .
Another UNK , Miss Virginia Richmond , will also be the UNK this Wednesday at luncheon at which Mrs. John UNK , will be hostess entertaining at a downtown hotel .
A UNK struck a cab driver in the face with a pistol last night after UNK him of UNK at Franklin and Mount UNK .
In another attack , Samuel UNK , 41 , proprietor of a food store in the UNK block UNK Street , told police two Negroes UNK him in his store and stole UNK from the cash register after choking and beating him .
The boy received UNK burns of the face , neck and back .
The disagreement was over what Dr. Jenkins had said at a previous session and how his remarks appeared in the minutes presented at the following meeting .
UNK UNK
I'll write what you tell me to '' .
UNK at the hospital said he was partially UNK on the right side .
UNK should be in operation `` almost immediately after the first UNK '' , Mr. UNK said .
UNK resumed Wednesday , he said .
The victims were H. UNK UNK , 47 , and his wife , UNK , 46 .
UNK son calls police
The younger son told police his brother had run from the house after the UNK and had driven away in their mother's car .
Annapolis , Jan. 7
Simpkins from UNK
UNK living units are being added to the UNK Harbor UNK UNK in the UNK Hill section .
UNK of the apartments are of the terrace type , being on the ground floor so that entrance is direct .
London , Feb. 9
-- UNK secrets of UNK first atomic submarine , the UNK , and , by implication , of the entire United States UNK UNK nuclear UNK fleet , were stolen by a UNK UNK spy ring , secret service agents testified today .
.
In their suburban cottage the crown charges , the UNK received secrets from the mystery man , usually on the first Saturday evening of each month , and spent much of the UNK getting the secrets off to Moscow , either on a powerful UNK buried under the kitchen floor or as dots posted over period marks in used books .
All five pleaded innocent .
He asserted that the UNK were the bankers for Moscow , UNK the Red UNK , and the two civil servants the UNK for selling their country's secrets .
The fact that secrets of the UNK , and thereby of the American UNK fleet , were involved in the spy case had been hinted at earlier .
The hull was also a result of almost a decade of work .
It could , UNK , go UNK miles without UNK and stay down more than a month .
It was of the UNK type , designed to seek out ships and other submarines with its most advanced gear and destroy them with UNK .
UNK in UNK
Six UNK told how , twice on two days after the ring was UNK , a UNK near Moscow was heard calling , using signals , times and wavelengths specified on codes found hidden in UNK UNK in UNK apartment and the UNK house and also fastened to the UNK lid .
UNK for the eight other defendants said only that there was no proof of their UNK guilt .
But court UNK after he testified he introduced James White and UNK Hope UNK , two of the defendants , and also introduced UNK to UNK UNK , a man mentioned in the indictment but not UNK .
Mrs. Hengesbach was killed on Aug. 31 , 1958 .
Pohl confessed the UNK while being questioned about several fires in the UNK area by State Police .
UNK in doubt
Pohl could receive from 1 to 15 years in prison or UNK .
Another neighbor , Mrs. Frank C. Smith , UNK UNK UNK , UNK UNK , surprised Kowalski by coming to the home yesterday with UNK collected locally toward the UNK funeral costs .
In UNK , the royal UNK government decided today to ask its `` friends and neighbors '' for help in fighting what it called a new rebel offensive threatening the southeast Asian kingdom .
One of the first moves made after a cabinet decision was to request the United States to establish a UNK military assistance group instead of the current civilian body .
The minister , describing the attacks which led up to the appeal , said that UNK Communist North UNK were fighting royal army troops on one front -- near UNK , in UNK Laos .
Havana , April 19 .
Report others held
Today , M. UNK was in Detroit , UNK route to join his wife and children in California .
`` When and if it can do so without UNK constitutional and statutory UNK privileges essential to the maintenance of its educational program and facilities , Emory University will consider applications of persons UNK to study or work at the University without regard to race , color or creed , continuing university policy that all applications shall be considered on the basis of intellectual and moral standards and other criteria designed to assure the orderly and effective conduct of the university and the fulfillment of its mission as an institution of Christian higher education '' .
The letters set a Nov. 15 UNK for the start of negotiations .
They indicated that UNK and UNK would be started if theater owners failed to cooperate .
UNK here
He was a member of the Baptist church .
UNK include two brothers , C. E. UNK , Atlanta , and John UNK , Warren , Ohio ; ;
UNK include his sister , Mrs. Emma B. UNK of Atlanta .
her father , H. T. UNK , UNK , UNK , and three sisters , Mrs. W. E. Little and Mrs. Hal B. UNK , both of Atlanta , and Mrs. Bill UNK , Wilmington , N.C. .
The younger Thomas UNK a screen door , breaking the UNK , and after an argument struck his uncle with a rock , scratching his face .
He was then subdued and placed in the police car to be taken to UNK Hospital for treatment of UNK received in the UNK .
A hearing was set for 30 a.m. Tuesday .
Students have been using electric UNK and high speed movie cameras during the study .
Mrs. UNK UNK is accused of driving the UNK car used in a UNK of the UNK UNK UNK , UNK E. UNK St. , in April of 1959 .
Her husband , who was sentenced to 15 years in the federal prison at UNK Island last April for UNK of the UNK branch of UNK Bank , also was charged with the store UNK .
Taylor said Mrs. UNK and her husband also will be questioned about a series of 15 Portland UNK in spring of 1959 in which the UNK men bound their victims with tape before fleeing .
He retired in 1958 .
a sister , Mrs. UNK UNK ; ;
Tim UNK , a junior at Wilson High School and president of UNK , is the young executive who guided his firm to the UNK position over the UNK other Junior Achievement companies in the United States and Canada .
The youngsters sell stock , produce and sell a product , pay taxes , and show a profit or loss just like UNK businesses .
His company , UNK , will receive a UNK award , which will be distributed among the 16 charter members .
Young UNK is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Lawrence UNK , UNK UNK UNK UNK , Portland .
and UNK UNK , Cleveland .
Blue UNK went to UNK Shaw of Hillsboro , Larry UNK of Beaverton .
UNK UNK of Hillsboro , UNK UNK of North Plains and UNK and Tom UNK of Hillsboro .
UNK UNK championship went to Bob Day , with Tom Day and UNK winning other blues .
John UNK & Son of UNK was the only UNK in open class UNK and swept all UNK .
UNK UNK , high school senior from UNK , had the championship dollar dinner , and UNK UNK of Hillsboro also won a blue ribbon .
One of the UNK was a white gold band with a diamond setting , valued at UNK .
The others were valued at UNK , UNK and UNK .
UNK of UNK garbage and UNK collection UNK UNK the UNK UNK site yesterday in the second day of a strike for improved wages and working conditions .
Thomas UNK , head of Rhode Island UNK Service , Inc. , said four of the company's eight trucks were making collections with both newly hired and regular workers .
Public school children have adopted the fund as one of their favorite Christmas UNK and their UNK , UNK , UNK and quarters aid greatly in helping Santa to reach the UNK goal .
Bernard UNK , 20 , of 19 Fletcher Ave. , Cranston , was admitted to Roger Williams Hospital shortly before UNK a.m. yesterday after a hunting accident in which a shotgun he was carrying discharged against his heel .
( UNK ) where he had been driven by a companion .
The decoration will be presented by A. UNK , Italian UNK general in Boston , at a ceremony at 30 p.m. on Dec. 7 at the plant , which this year is UNK its golden anniversary .
Birmingham , Ala. -- ( AP )
One of the eight defendants was freed on a directed verdict of UNK .
Then , when the case went to the jury , the judge UNK one of the UNK , saying the UNK had told him he had been UNK by UNK men at his motel the night before the trial opened .
No formal charges have been filed as a result of either of the two reported incidents .
UNK , March 26
In addition to urging greater restrictions on aerial spraying , UNK called for support of the UNK bill , creation of national UNK parks , including Point UNK ; ;
preservation of the UNK where birds breed ; ;
The presentation was made before several hundred persons at the annual meeting of the League at UNK Hall , College of UNK , UNK .
The World War 2 , German bomber rolled down a UNK and took off .
He managed to UNK the missile to a landing speed of 200 UNK -- fast even for a modern jet plane touchdown -- and UNK into the UNK .
UNK would steer them in a suicide dive into the water , striking below the UNK of individual ships .
A crack corps of 50 pilots was formed from the ranks of volunteers , but the project was halted before the end of the war , and the missiles later fell into Allied hands .
UNK to the board of directors were :
Dr. Albert Schweitzer , UNK UNK and medical missionary , has UNK an Easter March for UNK which begins tomorrow in UNK .
`` They cannot do otherwise than live in dread of each other since these weapons imply the possibility of such UNK surprise attack .
Under scrutiny , two of the witnesses said , were payments and loans to UNK National UNK company at UNK Madison St. .
A UNK payment
The UNK firm run by UNK has offices in the headquarters of UNK UNK taxi UNK union at UNK Blue Island Av. .
UNK lists 3 checks
All bounced .
UNK who wanted 100 shares in many cases ended up with 25 , and customers who had put in a bid to buy 400 shares found themselves with 100 and counted themselves lucky to get that many .
But the Morton Foods issue was hot long before it was on the market .
Indeed , from the moment the reports of the coming issue first started UNK in Dallas last January , the inquiries and demand for the stock started building up .
But UNK could not let the Swiss bank have even 10 shares .
Dallas and North Texas is known world-wide as the manufacturing and distribution center of cotton gin machinery and supplies , valued in the millions of dollars .
The present company is a combination of several smaller ones that date back to UNK .
UNK Co. of Sherman makes a full line of gin machinery and equipment .
UNK manufacturing operations are in UNK .
The firm is prominent in making equipment for cleaning seed cotton , UNK , and UNK , and they lay claim to being the first maker ( 1910 ) of boil UNK equipment .
With the March pickup , dealers are optimistic that the UNK quarter will equal or top last year .
More than 500 UNK and UNK are taking part in the program and 100 firms offer jobs on an educational rather than a need basis .
William UNK , UNK UNK UNK , and UNK Earl UNK of North Dallas ; ;
He UNK that `` the greater danger in this recovery may be excessive stimulation by government which could bring moderate UNK '' .
The executive paid tribute to research and development and technology for their great contributions in the past , but he also UNK industry that they tend to be great UNK because they move at a fairly even pace within an industry and fail to give it the short-term advantage which it often needs .
That bank handles most of the paper work for UNK UNK Stock Fund , UNK UNK , UNK UNK Fund and UNK Fund .
At that time , the people at the bank said they felt that they had the situation in hand .
Board Chairman Howard UNK of the Baltimore & Ohio Railroad Co. , testified the B & O was in its worst financial condition since the depression years and badly needed the economic lift it would get from consolidation with the UNK & Ohio Railroad .
The New York Central also has asked the UNK to permit it to gain control of the B & Aj .
-- `` UNK uncertain about economic conditions '' .
UNK expected
It disclosed that the builders :
`` In August our dealers sold UNK more farm machinery than a year earlier and in September retail sales were UNK higher than last year '' , says Mark V. UNK , farm equipment vice president of International UNK Co. .
Not all sections are showing an UNK , however ; ;
The demand for farm machinery is regarded as a UNK of rural buying generally .
Mr. Martin sold 21 tractors in August ; ;
The company , in UNK its taxable earnings , UNK a percentage of the revenue it received for its finished products .
Louisiana , however , collected an income tax on the profits from the sale .
It said the UNK of the gain in this case UNK not from the UNK status of the income but from a special rule on corporate UNK .
The Court limited its decision to the tax issue involved , UNK : `` It is not our province to pass judgment on the morality of the UNK '' .
In that event , they note , the Revenue Service might declare the pension plan is UNK and deny it tax privileges under the law .
A favorite is Norman UNK , however .
He is apt to rear back and claim his rights .
Tell that to the little wife when she UNK at the woman's burden ! !
He was in charge of the UNK School meals from 1946 to 1950 , before he moved to Aj .
And you'll notice that in both places , there are acres of charming young ladies who with little effort UNK up any UNK line .
UNK and pepper each breast .
)
An interesting approach to the bedroom is presented , with a young , basic , functional group of UNK , UNK and corner units and a UNK UNK .
To bring warmth to the dining area , golden orange tones are used in the fabrics .
Second grand prize of UNK went to Mrs. UNK L. UNK for her Hawaiian coffee ring , a rich UNK bread with UNK filling and UNK glaze .
And the third time was the charm .
She dreamed up the UNK recipe , tried it , liked it and entered it in the contest .
I never dreamed of the UNK difficulties involved until , at long last , both of my boys got squeezed into high school .
If they have to take any car , they'd rather take the big one .
But when UNK rides with them they also have to take the two girls who usually ride with her , so the little car isn't big enough .
Others are Carla Ruth UNK to Dan UNK Chandler Jr. ; ;
She is the former Judy UNK , daughter of John S. UNK of this city .
More new addresses
To create such a lamp , order a wired UNK from any lamp shop .
Using the strings that UNK the UNK , UNK him from the light UNK by UNK the strings to the lamp base .
Those illustrated are UNK of a UNK top or a UNK .
Andy UNK and his trio have booked into UNK UNK .
UNK are Ernie UNK on piano , UNK UNK , bass and trumpet , and Jack UNK on drums .
The workshop will begin at 10 a.m. and end at 3 p.m. in the UNK of the Library and Fine Arts Building .
UNK City Oct. 11 .
UNK UNK will be held at UNK High School Tuesday , at UNK Beach High Wednesday , and at Fort UNK high Thursday .
More than 300 UNK last Sunday proved there is and as many more are expected to prove it again for Jim Kern and his wife UNK from 4 to 8 p.m. Sunday at First Presbyterian Church .
A young real estate salesman , Kern first got seriously interested in the problems posed by Communism when in the Navy Air Force .
So the Christian Youth UNK against UNK developed and more than 300 top UNK and 65 adult advisers from Presbyterian churches of the area sat UNK at the UNK program .
UNK chief UNK officer , Jack UNK , will lead a discussion on `` The UNK in the American Family '' at 7:30 p.m. Sunday at Christ UNK Church .
Every family of UNK Presbyterian Church has been asked to read the Bible and pray together daily during National Christian Family Week and to undertake one project in which all members of the family participate .
A father and son dinner sponsored by the UNK Club will be held at UNK p.m. Monday and the annual church picnic at 4 p.m. next Saturday .
The season in San Francisco will open with a special UNK UNK on November 22 .
It was done with great taste , was big and spacious , UNK as the dreams of any peasant in its UNK costumes , but UNK in a UNK , UNK style , with rich , quiet harmonies of color between the costumes themselves and between the costumes and the scenery .
UNK orders are now being received for the series of concerts to be given this season under the UNK of the San Francisco Chamber Music Society .
UNK will not be collected at UNK this year .
After all , this year's movies are next year's television shows .
After television , `` La UNK UNK '' seems as UNK as a Gray Line tour of North Beach at night .
`` La UNK UNK '' has none of the senseless brutality or UNK of the average TV Western .
In another respect , television UNK will feel right at home because most of the actors are UNK .
The UNK UNK UNK summed it up neatly :
`` This is a long picture and a controversial one , but basically it is a moral , UNK and UNK description of humans who have become UNK from life as perhaps Rome has from her traditional political , cultural and religious UNK '' .
NBC plans a new series of three long programs UNK America's scientific plans titled `` UNK '' , to start in the fall .
The week went along UNK enough .
''
UNK pieces of UNK UNK furniture are uncommon , although millions of American homes today display pieces patterned after the style trends he set 150 years ago .
Mrs. UNK committee associates , announced formally yesterday by the UNK in New York , include Mrs. Allen UNK UNK and Stephen J. UNK , both UNK Manhattan UNK .
UNK Symphony UNK UNK said yesterday that Mrs. Kennedy's Social Secretary , UNK UNK , told about plans for White House youth concerts before the National Symphony Orchestra League in Philadelphia last spring .
The UNK visitors had very little to say at the beginning of the tour but warmed up later .
The ceremony ended with the laying of a wreath at the UNK of Pike in the House of the Temple .
There will be a UNK to Mount Vernon at UNK p.m. .
The interviews have led each of them to a new appreciation of the problems confronting the other .
John received a promotion in his firm .
They know the value of being just that -- an ordinary , happy family .
Mr. Kennedy replied :
`` I'm hopeful that from more traditional UNK we can perhaps find greater common ground '' .
The U. S. and Soviet heads of Government have met three times since Sir Winston Churchill in 1953 introduced a new word into international diplomacy with his call for a fresh approach to the problem of peace `` at the summit of the nations '' .
Premier Khrushchev wrecked the conference at its initial session with a bitter UNK of the U. S. for the UNK incident .
It would give him an opportunity to take the measure of his chief UNK in the cold war , to try to probe Mr. Khrushchev's intentions and to make clear his own views .
The letter , dated Feb. 22 , was delivered to Premier Khrushchev in UNK , UNK , on March 9 .
In Laos , the picture was almost equally bad .
But those who were in favor of the meeting felt that a frank exchange between the two men and an opportunity to size one another up would prove UNK .
Moreover , the President is meeting the Soviet leader at a time when the Administration has still not decided on the scope of America's firm foreign policy commitments .
There can be no doubt that the American Catholic UNK in the field of higher education is most impressive : our European brethren never cease to UNK at the number and the size of our colleges and universities .
UNK the American Catholic educational achievement in UNK , we may indeed see it as a unified whole extending from grade school to university .
UNK encouragement is one thing , but the UNK test is the allocation of UNK and parochial funds .
UNK authorities generally have not regarded this as their direct responsibility .
Had it not been for such private enterprise , UNK authorities might of course have been UNK into establishing institutions UNK by UNK funds and parish collections and UNK by religious as paid employees .
But with today's demand for professional qualifications and specialized training , the need for `` outsiders '' becomes more pressing .
This is a significant advance but its import should not be exaggerated .
Just as it is possible to exaggerate the drawing power of the new tenure practices , it is also possible to exaggerate the significance of the now relatively adequate UNK paid by major Catholic institutions .
Or , in the words of UNK France , `` The law in its majestic equality must UNK the rich , as well as the poor , from begging in the streets and sleeping under bridges '' .
In addition , UNK that missile workers were earning sums far in excess of what is paid for equivalent work elsewhere provoked his indignation on behalf of the American taxpayer who was UNK the bill .
The company has UNK the United States Government for UNK of these expenses under the Defense Department regulation allowing costs of a type generally recognized as ordinary and necessary for the conduct of the UNK business .
The industry is so structured that UNK by a UNK company will vary with the way overhead charges are UNK -- whether marginal or average UNK is applied .
The problem becomes even more complex where an enterprise is engaged in the manufacture of a wide variety of other goods in addition to the heavy electrical equipment .
The past usefulness of the anti-trust laws to management was explained by UNK Arnold , in The UNK of UNK , back in 1937 .
( UNK UNK ) in any event , it is obvious that the anti-trust laws did not prevent the formation of some of the greatest financial UNK the world has ever known , held together by some of the most fantastic ideas , all based on the fundamental notion that a corporation is an individual who can trade and exchange goods without control by the government '' .
The basic purpose of an effective UNK system is the removal of wages from competition .
UNK this statement of a nineteenth-century judge with how Congressman Martin , according to the Daily Labor Report of Sept. 19 , 1961 , UNK the necessity of UNK anti-trust legislation in the field of labor `` if we wish to prevent UNK fixing of wages , production or prices and if we wish to preserve the freedom of the employer and his employees to contract on wages , hours and conditions of employment '' .
Indeed , it is in the field of transportation that Congress has most frequently granted employers exemption from the anti-trust laws ; ;
While Communists were UNK United Nations efforts to rescue the Congo from chaos , two other Communist UNK stirred the Eisenhower Administration into emergency conferences and serious decisions .
He began the diplomatic discussions that resulted in the establishment of Aj .
They had the UNK support of UNK Kennedy , whose own legislative program was UNK by the Rules Committee UNK .
For 20 years he has enjoyed his power on the Rules Committee .
Smith flatly rejected the offer , and Mister Sam UNK decided to join the rebels .
When UNK Clarence UNK got the word , he turned purple .
With that possibility in mind , UNK UNK Mills deliberately delayed calling a meeting of the Committee on UNK , and UNK Democrats sought to bring Rayburn and Smith together again to work out some sort of UNK compromise .
UNK at issue : How big a vote should be necessary to restrict Senate debate -- and thereby cut off UNK UNK ? ?
New UNK UNK Anderson offered a resolution to change the UNK notorious UNK 22 to allow UNK of the UNK present and voting to cut off debate , instead of the current UNK two-thirds .
When Palmer hit a good straight drive up the UNK on the UNK hole , he seemed to have the championship won .
UNK , Palmer told Charlie UNK , his UNK partner , that he simply played the hole too fast .
His UNK total of UNK was three strokes better than the next best score , a UNK by Bill UNK , the tall and deliberate UNK who had been playing very well all winter long .
Long after the UNK climate and the UNK final round on Sunday have become UNK UNK , the 1961 Masters will be remembered as the scene of the UNK a UNK between Arnold Palmer and UNK Player .
On that final Sunday at UNK neither Palmer nor Player was leading the tournament and , as it turned out , neither won it .
Player immediately proved he was not in the least UNK by the dramatic UNK of Palmer .
But Player was only one stroke back , with a 69 .
The bad luck that can so often UNK a UNK round of golf is simply UNK and UNK by the contemptuous UNK of these champions .
The latter involved hitting a full UNK out to the first UNK and toward the UNK , hoping to slice it back to the deeply UNK 9th green .
( 2 ) Willie Mays of the San Francisco Giants borrowed a UNK bat and became the ninth big UNK to stroke four home runs in a game ; ;
and ( 4 ) catcher Johnny UNK of the New York Yankees matched a record with home runs in four successive times at bat , two of them as a UNK .
To better Ruth's mark , neither needs a spectacular September UNK .
All Mantle needs is eight more home runs in August and ten in September , and he will establish a new record .
UNK commissioner Ford UNK has ruled that Ruth's record will remain official unless it is broken in UNK games .
`` Even on the basis of UNK games , this is the ideal situation '' , UNK Hank UNK , now vice-president of the Chicago White Sox .
Although both concede they would like to hit 60 , they stick primarily to the baseball UNK standard quote : `` The important thing is to win the pennant '' .
Light reading :
Mantle so appreciated UNK delicate literary style that he broadened UNK minds by reading sensitive passages aloud during road trips .
Mantle is not normally given to public speaking -- or , for that matter , to private speaking .
But last week , when a reporter was standing near UNK UNK , Mickey walked up and UNK an anecdote .
I came back , sitting by my UNK , feeling real low , and the kid walks over to me , looks up , and says : ' You UNK ' '' .
UNK was Ted Williams .
UNK hero was Joe UNK .
`` When Mickey went to the Yankees '' , says Mark Freeman , an UNK pitcher who sells mutual funds in Denver , `` UNK still was playing and every day Mickey would go by his UNK , just aching for some word of encouragement from this great man , this hero of his .
Mantle has kept the UNK .
Maris ran the UNK dash in ten seconds in high school and once won a race against Luis UNK , the swift , UNK UNK of the White Sox .
UNK , the emphasis on the home run , at a peak this year , came into being at UNK lowest moment .
Meanwhile , after 24 years in the Senate , Rhode Island's durable Democrat Theodore Francis Greene -- having walked , UNK and UNK himself to the UNK age of UNK -- left that UNK body ( voluntarily , because he could surely have been UNK had he chosen to run again last November ) , as the oldest man ever to serve in the Senate .
To UNK Man UNK Johnson ( Time cover , Aug. 29 ) , whose gold UNK in last UNK Olympic UNK was won as much on UNK as talent , went the UNK James E. Sullivan Memorial UNK as the outstanding U.S. amateur athlete of 1960 .
One of Nikita Khrushchev's most enthusiastic UNK , the UNK daily UNK , UNK interviewed UNK UNK Charlie UNK at his Swiss UNK , where he has been in UNK since 1952 .
Like UNK late Dr. Albert C. Barnes who kept his own great collection closed to the general public ( Time , Jan. 2 ) , Thompson , at UNK , is something of a legend in his own lifetime .
Their entry will crack the total segregation of all public education , from UNK through graduate school , in Georgia -- and in Alabama , Mississippi and South Carolina as well .
UNK studied journalism at UNK Wayne State University .
Last fall , after they took their hopes for entering Georgia to court , Judge UNK ordered them to apply again .
It fell to Chancellor UNK , now a Standard Oil ( Indiana ) executive , to spend his UNK reign UNK up Chicago after the UNK UNK of UNK Robert UNK UNK .
He threw out some of UNK more wildly experimental courses , raised UNK undergraduate UNK to UNK , nearly doubled UNK to UNK million .
The man was King UNK 2 , of the Belgians , who in UNK concluded that he had better grab a colony while the UNK was still good .
This is an area nearly as large as Western Europe ; ;
and it was filled then as now by UNK tribes with no political or historical unity .
To make one nation out of these UNK would be a problem large enough in any case ; ;
But by 1908 its record of brutality had touched the national conscience .
The honor of the Belgians in this matter is not to be questioned -- only their judgment .
As the time for independence approached there were in the Congo no fewer than UNK political parties , or approximately eight for each university graduate .
UNK around the world hoped that the Congo would quickly assume a respectable position in the society of nations .
UNK promptly flung out the Russians , who have not since played any significant part on the local scene , although they have UNK their UNK efforts at U.N. headquarters in New York .
Although the resolution might have been far more specific , it was considerably tougher than the earlier one .
however the President , who would like to UNK the former Chinese province away from both UNK and Moscow , would promise UNK nothing more than an UNK by the U.S. if UNK UNK admission comes to a vote .
UNK : ' UNK '
`` The kid had a automatic , like they issue in the Army '' , he said .
`` The old man came from the front of the plane and said he wanted four volunteers to go to Cuba '' , UNK said , `` and like a nut I raised my hand .
UNK Truman Cleveland of St. UNK .
Mr. Kennedy had been informed early in the day of the attempt to UNK the plane , kept in touch throughout by telephone .
From the luggage , they learned that the two air UNK , far from being UNK , were native Americans , subsequently identified as UNK UNK , UNK UNK from Coolidge , UNK , and his son , UNK , 16 , a UNK junior .
The UNK UNK ten tires and UNK one of the UNK engines ; ;
At UNK p.m. a UNK was rolled up to the plane .
White House legislative UNK were still confident the bill would pass intact .
Food : UNK a UNK UNK
That 4 per cent yield is well below the return to be had on good corporation bonds .
Then March brought an 18 per cent rise in net revenues -- after operating costs .
For the year , the road earned UNK per cent of its interest costs , against UNK per cent in the preceding period .
Some turnpikes have not been in full operation long enough to prove what they can do .
`` Follow Secretary Hodges through the Fiat plant , and you learn this :
Within a year , without reducing wages , UNK production costs were cut one third , prices were slashed .
But the Kennedy Administration doesn't favor import UNK .
Virginia coal , delivered by ship in Wales , will be about UNK a ton cheaper than UNK coal delivered by rail from nearby mines .
They threaten to strike .
What to buy for adult and child readers , for UNK of fiction and UNK , for a UNK whose wants are incredibly UNK , when your budget is UNK small ? ?
Both these types , and those in between , are in existence by reason of a legislative interest in libraries that began at Albany as early as 1950 , with the creation by the legislature of county library systems financed by county governments with matching funds from the state .
Each subject center library was chosen because of its demonstrated strength in a particular area , which headquarters could then build upon .
UNK has applied science , business , and literature ; ;
Public libraries in Nassau County have been lending books to each other by mail for a UNK , but the system enables this process to operate on an organized and far more comprehensive basis .
and it UNK UNK And UNK , a monthly UNK , which reports the UNK activities to the staffs and trustees of member libraries .
Education must not be limited to our youth but must be a continuing process through our entire lives , for it is only through knowledge that we , as a nation , can cope with the dangers that threaten our society .
We must not permit our society to become a slave to the scientific age , as might well happen without the cultural and spiritual restraint that comes from the development of the human mind through wisdom absorbed from the written word .
The Rusk belief in balanced defense , replacing the Dulles theory of massive UNK , UNK a grave danger that has existed .
By maintaining the nuclear UNK , but UNK American military forces to fight conventional wars too , Secretary of State Rusk UNK bluff and nuclear UNK and UNK more muscle and greater safety into our military position .
Somewhere , somebody is bound to love us
Then he arrived in UNK and found UNK carrying signs saying `` American UNK , go home '' .
UNK , even of a UNK , is UNK to men of good conscience .
The UNK were filled to UNK with political prisoners who had incurred his UNK .
Must Berlin remain divided ? ?
American history should UNK the case when Congress is asked to approve .
New York : UNK choice
Mr. Wagner might or might not be a `` new '' Mayor in this third term , now that he is free of the pressure of those party leaders whom he calls `` UNK '' .
And Secretary Rusk , UNK route to UNK , doubtless is trying to make emergency arrangements for the possible entry of UNK or UNK UNK forces .
Since Laos is of no more purely military value to Moscow itself than it is to Washington , this approach might be expected to head off Mr. Khrushchev for the moment .
The hard core of the UNK rebel force numbers only some 2,000 tough Viet UNK guerrilla fighters .
It is ironic that Washington is having to struggle so for a concept that for six years it UNK as UNK .
A vote for educational TV
Sam Rayburn took UNK secrets with him to the grave , for he was never UNK , and his word , once given , was not subject to UNK .
These public efforts were rare because Mr. Rayburn normally did his counseling , UNK and UNK long before an issue reached its test on the House floor .
He was , of course , in the House for a very long time .
And those still with us , Herbert C. Hoover , Harry S. Truman , Dwight D. Eisenhower and John F. Kennedy .
Also , normal personnel UNK would make the job reduction provision more or less academic .
Another evidence of the spreading rule of reason was provided from Mexico City with the daily UNK of an American plane by a UNK UNK with a gun .
UNK the iron UNK , please , and light another candle , for it's getting dark down here and we're UNK to read a bit of world law just to pass the time away .
A shock wave from Africa
Even when public bodies arrived at a consensus , at least one UNK vote has been usual .
Less than half the sum has been spent , since the UNK board pinched UNK during that period of UNK negotiations .
Much happened in this field during the past 12 months .
Some accounts are quite lengthy but UNK is the UNK of all , requiring only four paragraphs .
The UNK who fashioned West UNK astonishing industrial UNK is the soul of free enterprise .
5 .
Does the organization show an UNK for a foreign government , political party or personality in opposition or preference to the American system ? ?
Despite the lip service paid by local governments , the UNK statutes have been continuously UNK by reservations and UNK .
UNK , UNK Trujillo is calm .
None of the Trujillo family remains .
UNK of survival
But the UNK disputes that result from the UNK UNK do not win friends for labor .
Mr. Freeman said that in many of the countries he visited on a recent world trade trip people were more UNK by America's capacity to produce food UNK than by our industrial production -- or even by the UNK successes in space .
The 1961 feed grain program , which the secretary sponsored , has been declared a billion dollar UNK .
President Kennedy has indicated his dissatisfaction with its performance .
But those who would UNK so complex an organization must , first of all , overcome the resistance of layers of officials UNK to traditional procedures , suspicious of innovation and fearful of mistakes .
But competent observers believe he is making progress , particularly toward what Sen. Jackson lists as the primary need -- `` a clearer understanding of where our vital national interests lie and what we must do to promote them '' .
Mr. Rusk should also draw comfort from Sen. UNK recommendation that congressional methods of dealing with national security problems be improved .
UNK is a rare but needed commodity in Congress .
But now apparently the job of Secretary of Labor requires that he be willing to risk his reputation as a UNK of unemployment trends .
UNK Mr. UNK figures was the Federal Reserve UNK report of the large sales increase in the nation's department stores for the week ending March 4 .
UNK claims for UNK benefits were said to have dropped by UNK in the week ending March 4 .
But preservation of the natural beauty of the Cape is of more than regional concern , for the automobile age has made it the recreation spot of people from all over the country .
It will be a UNK training day .
Metropolitan St. UNK relatively slow rate of growth ought to be a priority concern of the political , business , civic and other leaders on both sides of the Mississippi .
Having whipped Mr. De UNK in the UNK and thus come into control of UNK Hall , they have changed the name to UNK Hall .
But it is tradition rather than the record which UNK at the UNK of the UNK name .
Queen of the seas
The UNK struggle was a war to stay out of in 1954 , when Gen. UNK estimated it would take a minimum of 10 to 15 divisions at the outset to win a war the French were losing .
It is probable that his recommendations will be informed and workable , and that they will not lead to involving the United States in an Asian UNK .
The UNK ' UNK crisis '
Ambassador Stevenson yesterday described the UNK problem of UNK a temporary successor to the late UNK Hammarskjold as `` the UNK crisis the institution has faced '' .
Of course it is .
He should be , as UNK Hammarskjold certainly was , a citizen of the world .
The controversy now UNK mainly around the number and UNK origin of the deputies of the Secretary General and , more particularly , around the nature of his relationship with them .
According to the original program , Premier Khrushchev expected the millions looking toward the Kremlin this morning to be filled with admiration or rage -- depending upon individual or national politics -- because of the `` bold program for building communism in our time '' which the Congress will adopt .
That theme cuts through UNK , UNK and UNK .
Nor in South Georgia , where the summer sun UNK UNK and gives early life to the things growing in the flat fields .
He said he had No. UNK enough to last two weeks more .
The young married people ; ;
the old couples .
I know a man who held resentment against a neighbor for more than three decades .
`` I leave this church with a feeling that a great weight has been lifted off my heart , I have left my UNK at the UNK and forgiven my neighbor '' .
but forgive anyway '' .
She asked .
I don't know any secret recipe for certainty .
She asked if I had other advice and , UNK with success , I rushed it in , I hope not too late .
The UNK is a lonely place .
Imagine the searching and the prayer that lay behind the letter the UNK wrote after almost a decade of service to this majestic church .
''
He does not expect to get great UNK or he would not have chosen to answer the call to preach .
But how little love we give him .
Yet every Sunday we UNK go to that emergency room to receive first aid , and we leave UNK that the man who UNK to us is a human being who UNK , too .
In the midst of it all , Mr. Podger came out on the UNK porch , alone .
Here , in the cool , UNK evening , Mr. Podger mentally UNK a day that had left him greatly contented and at peace .
The UNK spread of blue had gone on , calling UNK , into the wood .
Then , since the UNK was being held nearby , he had walked to it .
Taking off his hat and UNK the driver with it , Mr. Podger stepped into the road , lifted the surprised turtle and UNK its UNK with what must have been a UNK UNK .
The turtle immediately withdrew into its private council room to study the phenomenon .
But Mr. Podger and the driver of the sports car waved at each other .
Mr. Podger heard again ; ;
You know what ? ?
If you're UNK out in the UNK at night , and it gets UNK cool -- you know -- you just take these sides with the fringe on -- see -- and UNK 'em right over you .
Mr. Podger opened his UNK and emerged , UNK UNK under his arm to bring her in by the fire .
The programs do not take sides on the issue itself .
One of the most important is economic .
Business leaders are aware now that they suffer greatly from any UNK of violence .
A driver cruising easily at 70 UNK in Lane A of a UNK UNK UNK an UNK traffic UNK ahead .
UNK in the next lane appears to be moving more smoothly so he UNK a tentative UNK into Lane B , which is heavily populated by cars also moving at 70 UNK .
He can ( 1 ) point his car UNK at the UNK UNK and force the other driver back into Lane A ; ;
During one recent day of driving about Los Angeles there were actually a dozen occasions when UNK drivers stopped an entire lane of traffic to permit me to pull out of an impossible side street .
Miami , Fla. , March 17 .
And with that he walked off to give instruction to a UNK pitcher .
Two spots open
Obviously , if this club is going to move from second to first in the American League , it will have to show improvement UNK .
Where can that improvement possibly come from ? ?
.
If they do as well as they did in 1960 there can be no complaint .
But even so , he had a good year in 1960 and won't do too much better .
When he came to Baltimore , he was leaving a team which was supposed to win the National League pennant , and he was joining what seemed to be a second division American League club .
He was down , hard to talk to , and far too UNK on the field .
When I hold my son he UNK his whole body in my arms until he is as straight and stiff as a board .
He UNK and UNK himself as if he can't stand the feeling of being held .
For the young child this may be no more than providing food , light or movement .
Is a relaxed home atmosphere enough to help her UNK these UNK ? ?
California Democrats this weekend will take the UNK off a 1962 model statewide campaign vehicle which they have been quietly UNK in a thousand district headquarters , party UNK and UNK UNK .
And they're confident that the GOP , currently UNK by UNK within the ranks , will be impressed by the UNK power beneath the UNK of this UNK machine .
For some compulsive reason which would have fascinated Dr. Freud , Communists of all shapes and sizes almost invariably UNK to others the very motives which they harbor themselves .
The Soviet news agency UNK UNK from New York in English to Europe :
`` UNK Vice President Nixon came out in support of President Kennedy's program for stepping up the arms race .
Chairman Khrushchev ( Kennedy ) UNK his rockets ( UNK ) in order to cure his internal ills and to strengthen his negotiating position .
Chairman Khrushchev and John UNK had a terrible row at UNK .
But during the second half of the century its fortunes reached a low point and when in UNK UNK H. K. UNK purchased it -- `` paper , type , and all '' -- for $1,000 it was a UNK weekly filled with UNK fiction and UNK UNK , and with only some 2,000 UNK .
`` Remember the night Will Rogers filled a tooth for me between numbers '' ? ?
Some day we might see a Federation of UNK and UNK UNK , with a leader busily trying to organize UNK occupants , defendants out on bail , UNK opposed to UNK officers , etc. .
UNK of UNK Union rule that no member of an iron or steel workers union be permitted to repair a UNK bar without approval and participation of representative of the cell UNK .
The death of Harold A. Stevens , oldest of the Stevens brothers , UNK operators of baseball , football and race track UNK , UNK again the story of one of the greatest business successes in history .
`` UNK UNK '' is reported the No. 1 TV show .
In his first six weeks in office he UNK over UNK conferences , attended 35 official UNK and dinners , studied and signed UNK official papers and personally took UNK telephone calls .
`` And Jesus answering said unto him , UNK it to be so now : for thus it UNK us to fulfill all UNK .
Then he suffered him .
' I need rather to be baptized by you .
John then allowed him to come .
he saw the Spirit of God descending like a UNK to UNK upon him '' ; ;
( the UNK , UNK and UNK are UNK as printed in each version .
Some of the poetic UNK of the older version certainly is lost in the newer one , but almost anyone , with a fair knowledge of the English language , can understand the meaning , without the necessity of interpretation by a Biblical scholar .
There are many soft and light shoe UNK available .
The brush moves up and down and is small enough to clean every dental surface , including the back of the teeth .
The speed is controlled by pressing on the two UNK buttons located where the index finger and thumb are placed when holding the motor .
Most of us brush our teeth by hand .
writes : What makes my hands UNK when sewing ? ?
The cholesterol level in the blood is influenced by the glands of the body .
The program was instituted in 1940 , and UNK are available only from the UNK Laboratory of the Library of Congress , Washington 25 , D.C. .
But even mother's loving attitude will not always prevent UNK .
His desires are so strong that he needs constant reassurance of his mother's love for him and what she expects of him , in order to overcome them .
His own inner voice , which should tell him what not to do , has not developed .
The conscience is UNK in the UNK .
She should offer UNK for the temptations which seem overwhelmingly desirable to the child .
It is true , of course , the UNK of life being what they are , that as now and then the Christian killed the lion , UNK days have been ruined by a visiting team .
UNK
His legs suddenly feel heavy and UNK weary , as if he had walked for miles , instead of UNK a few hundred yards along the old campus paths .
By then one begins to notice the UNK spread ; ;
It is , if anything , worse on the old player
He always feels lonely .
the smell and feel of hot , wet UNK sleeves across his face .
the UNK ; ;
They did not view the tour of the UNK cities and towns by Secretary of Labor Goldberg as politics , which the GOP declared it to be .
One may be sure the present Republican congressional leadership hasn't meant to repeat this error .
But it is in the process of so doing because it apparently gives priority to trying to UNK John F. Kennedy .
The tragedy is that it will not be able to UNK that business in any responsible manner .
But further thought brings the UNK visions of a governor's race being run in the next Legislature , the UNK of big spending programs , the UNK of UNK before the campaign should even begin .
If it will simply delay the UNK until the qualifications are closed next spring , and then carry all the candidates on a tour of UNK , it can provide a service to the state .
A Republican survey says Kennedy won the UNK election on the religious issue .
Where then is the sound planning and cooperation between agencies within the community that you have called for in other editorials ? ?
5 .
I feel compelled to write this because I am greatly concerned with the problem of community growth rate and the relation between types of growth in a town such as East Greenwich .
These programs are volumes of waste paper and lost hours if the citizens of a community must stand aside while land UNK tell them when , where , and in what manner the community shall grow .
It is through them that we have become aware of the divine humanity in man , and therefore , that most people are noble , helpful and good .
Then people wonder why Russian pupils are more advanced than American students .
Well , there lies your answer .
This matter is of great importance , and the outcome may mean the difference between life or death , or at least serious injuries , for many veterans .
This we can UNK understand .
If the President of the United States really feels he won himself a `` lousy job '' , then heaven help us all .
Let us prepare for peace , instead of for a war which would mean the end of civilization .
Chicago , Aug. 9
Now he is apparently expected to give up his evenings -- and Sundays , too , for this is coming .
-- The Illinois Commission for UNK Children wishes to UNK the recent announcement by the Catholic UNK of the UNK of Chicago and UNK University of the establishment of the Institute for Special Education at the university for the training of teachers for physically handicapped and mentally retarded children .
Engineering graduates of Illinois Institute of UNK are reported receiving the highest average starting UNK in the UNK history -- UNK a month .
The editorial concerned legislative proposals to ease the tax burden on UNK stockholders , in connection with the United States Supreme Court ruling that UNK must UNK itself of its extensive General Motors stock UNK .
But when you write to UNK Church , bless her heart , your letter is answered fully and completely .
Those in the public eye should be good examples of American citizens while abroad .
UNK bonds for plant construction has brought new industries to certain regions .
UNK Katanga
Sir -- When the colonies decided upon freedom from England , we insisted , through the Declaration of Independence , that the nations of the world recognize us as a separate political entity .
none will be elected .
The very rules and regulations in every city are the primary case of slum conditions .
UNK our taxing law so that no tax shall be charged to any owner for additions or improvements to his properties .
`` UNK causes ''
to the editor :
UNK exhibit
This is a black UNK clay in which about one hundred million years ago UNK trees were growing .
Recently the secretary of the Friends Committee on National UNK was interviewed on the air .
While I respect his sincere concern for peace , he made four points that I would like to question .
Are we not late , especially those of us who call ourselves Friends , in doing enough about this lack of understanding ? ?
2 .
Use the terraces of the Capitol for a sidewalk cafe ? ?
For a neutral Germany
If the Communists are sincere in wanting a united , neutral and UNK Germany , it might well be UNK for the German people in this nuclear age .
If the German people favor such a settlement we should not oppose Germany following the example of UNK .
They are UNK their Charter obligation , the prescribed penalty for which is suspension of membership or UNK '' .
The U.S.S.R. and her followers are careful in paying their obligations to the regular budget .
They make beautiful objects .
I was surprised at Mayor UNK defeat , but perhaps UNK UNK can accomplish some things that should have been done years ago .
to the editor :
Thank you for the article by George UNK on the public UNK to UNK .
Why has this form of UNK gone out of American life ? ?
We have now a quiet city , fewer automobiles , less UNK , and fewer retail customers shopping in center city .
Although today's trucks are as fast as passenger cars , a truck driver has to be a sensible person and guard against UNK the road .
to the editor of the Inquirer :
To our everlasting shame , we led the world in this nuclear arms race sixteen years ago when we dropped the first bombs on Hiroshima and UNK .
Having led the world in this mad race I pray that we may have the wisdom and courage to lead it out of the race .
Why trust UNK ? ?
To the editor of the Inquirer :
to the editor of the Inquirer :
Had it been bestowed while the Secretary General of the United Nations was living , unquestionably he would have been greatly encouraged in pursuing a difficult and , in many ways , UNK task .
( 4 )
I wish to advocate two drastic changes in Washington Square : 1 .
The matter may seem a small thing to some people , I know , but it's a very good start on the road to UNK The Commission has posted signs in Washington Square saying :
Does each UNK of the UNK of City Government reach out and UNK at whatever it UNK or considers an annoyance ? ?
Unfortunately , those who would remedy our `` UNK '' seek to do so with UNK .
They are working on the wrong part of our anatomy .
He feels , therefore , that to seek a UNK in the arms policy of the United States is the least UNK path our government can take .
But if his purpose was to UNK terror , his action could hardly have UNK more obviously .
Another piece of evidence appears in a dispatch from UNK in The UNK ( London ) .
The materials for compromise are at hand : The Nation , Walter UNK and other sober UNK ( see UNK Clark on p. UNK ) have UNK them out again and again .
The removal of UNK body from the UNK he shared with UNK to less distinguished quarters in the Kremlin wall is not unprecedented in history .
And in England , after the UNK , the body of Cromwell was UNK and hanged at UNK .
Besides , he can hardly avoid UNK on the UNK of death which , what with UNK and UNK , seems to match that of life .
If Nikita buys a small plot in some modest rural cemetery , everyone will understand .
The appointment of U UNK of Burma as the UNK Acting Secretary General -- at this writing , the choice appears to be certain -- offers further proof that in politics it is more important to have no influential enemies than to have influential friends .
UNK Slim of UNK and Frederick UNK of Ireland were early favorites in the running , but France didn't like the former and the Soviet Union would have none of the latter .
With the UNK maintaining pressure for one of their own to succeed Mr. Hammarskjold , U UNK emerged as the only possible candidate unlikely to be UNK by a veto .
Mr. Khrushchev's demand for a UNK is UNK , not dead ; ;
UNK , the U.N. is still fluid , vulnerable to the pressures that its new and enlarged membership are bringing to bear upon it .
Even in areas where political UNK are ( deliberately ? ?
they are also trained with UNK , automatic weapons , UNK , rifles and other such UNK accessories .
The scene , of course , should be nine miles northwest of UNK , Illinois , the geographical center of population according to the UNK .
Independence Day is the appropriate date as a UNK reminder of the American article of faith that governments are instituted among men to secure to them certain UNK rights , the first of which is life , and when any government becomes UNK of that end , it is the right of the people to alter or abolish it .
Moreover , the UNK effects would not be exclusively political , but at least partially , and perhaps primarily social .
Somehow our contemporary UNK must be induced to see reason .
As the new clouds of radioactive fallout spread silently and UNK around the earth , the Soviet Union stands guilty of a monstrous crime against the human race .
More recently , the chairman of the Atomic UNK Commission , Dr. UNK T. UNK , `` admitted '' to a news conference in UNK UNK , UNK , that the UNK might fall behind Russia ( he apparently meant in weapons development ) if the Soviets continue to test in the atmosphere while we UNK .
Having UNK its UNK in this way , UNK apparently decided it would be possible to make some sort of determination after all : `` At present radiation levels , and even at somewhat higher levels , the additional risk is slight and very few people will be affected '' .
Its dangerous effects have been UNK to the public by some who believe national security requires further testing .
The prevailing official attitude then seemed to be that fallout , if not exactly good for you , might not be much worse than a bad cold .
And once again , the choices are much the same .
In particular , Governor Nelson Rockefeller has expressed as UNK and clearly as anyone the case for a resumption of atmospheric tests .
Speaking recently in Miami , Governor Rockefeller said that `` to assure the UNK of our own weapons in the face of the recent Soviet tests , we are now clearly compelled to conduct our own nuclear tests '' .
The possibility , as he asserted , that the Russians may get ahead of us or come closer to us because of their tests does not supply the needed ethical premise -- unless , of course , we have UNK become so UNK that nuclear superiority is now taken as a moral demand .
It is perfectly conceivable that a resumption of atmospheric tests may , at some point in the future , be necessary and even UNK .
The refusal to resume atmospheric testing would be a good start .
when his UNK Pope John 23 , first called for an UNK Council , and at the same time UNK his yearning for Christian unity , the enthusiasm among Catholic and Protestant UNK was immediate .
The establishment , by the Holy Father , of a permanent UNK for Christian UNK in 1960 was the most dramatic mark of this concern .
The budget deficit
Our complaint is that in many crucial areas the Kennedy programs are not too large but too small , most seriously in regard to the conventional arms UNK and in aid and welfare measures .
UNK and peace
UNK devoted to `` UNK and Foreign UNK UNK '' , `` UNK UNK and UNK UNK '' , `` Christian UNK in the Cold War '' and related subjects proved to be much UNK under this procedure than if Catholics were merely talking to themselves .
UNK declared that Protestants often make use of it , if , perhaps , by some other name .
it is necessary to perceive the extent of foreign aid demanded by the Christian imperative .
) He smiled , and said a word or two to the interpreter , who turned to me , `` The President wonders where you are going after you leave UNK '' ? ?
That , I UNK , is a royal UNK if ever there was one .
Even so , it adds up to impossible odds , except that the question arises , On whose side would the UNK Chinese army fight ? ?
They think , UNK , of physical survival : everything else is secondary .
But the army which Mao continues to feed well , where are its sympathies ? ?
But the disposition to rebel is most definitely there .
But there must be a UNK pressure .
China never tried to integrate Tibet by UNK the people's religion and institutions .
UNK , they depend on America's `` moral cooperation '' when the crucial moment arrives .
A UNK crisis erupted in Katanga for a couple of days this month , to be quickly UNK by the high pressure verbal fog that is kept on tap for such emergencies .
The measure was instantly taken , as always in such cases , of public men at many levels .
No matter that it is his troops who UNK Western women and eat Western men .
)
What explains this UNK UNK ? ?
It is the consequence of the system of ideas that constitutes the frame of our international -- and in some degree our domestic -- policy .
UNK to the UNK
Most immediately relevant to these episodes in UNK , Katanga and UNK , as to the UNK crisis before them , is the belief that the main theater of the world drama is the underdeveloped region of Asia , Africa and Latin America .
From this belief is derived the practical orientation of our policy on the `` UNK '' ( `` neutralist '' , `` UNK '' ) nations , especially on those whose leaders make the most noise -- UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK , etc. .
To get started , he does not UNK the world about him ; ;
The Wall , UNK based on the John UNK novel ; ;
UNK , by UNK Jean UNK ; ;
That exchange was not only possible but commonplace last week in Manhattan , as more and more New UNK were UNK UNK Street and Eighth Avenue , where half a dozen small UNK with names like UNK UNK , UNK Palace and UNK Gardens are the American UNK of belly dancing .
Their UNK popularity may be a result of the closing of the UNK Street UNK joints , but curiously enough their atmosphere is almost always UNK -- neighborhood saloons with a bit of UNK .
UNK often bring their children ; ;
The New York dancers are highly UNK , varying the pattern with all kinds of personal UNK , back UNK or floor UNK .
But they do not strip .
His people ( see color ) are angular and UNK , sometimes painfully stretched , sometimes UNK UNK .
He was an emotional , lonely boy who spent so much time turning out drawings that he did scarcely any UNK .
Even there he did not last for long .
His pictures were UNK denounced as `` the most UNK things one has ever seen in Vienna '' .
there might even be two or more candidates for voters to choose from .
And , as we know , the Virgin UNK are not producing as much as Khrushchev had hoped .
in fact , with having been against all the more popular features of the Khrushchev `` welfare state '' .
The trouble with all these UNK UNK is that we hear only one side of the story : what , in the secret UNK of the Kremlin , Molotov had really proposed , we just don't know , and he has had no chance to reply .
But one cannot escape the suspicion that all this UNK UNK on the UNK of the long UNK `` UNK '' group would be totally unnecessary if there were not , inside the party , some secret but genuine opposition to Khrushchev on vital UNK grounds , on the actual methods to be employed in the `` transition to communism '' and , last but not least , on foreign policy .
There are other symptoms .
he knows that he was never more popular than at the time of the UNK `` honeymoon '' of 1959 .
To these people , solidarity and unity with China should be the real basis of Russia's future policy .
It is this loss of initiative in how we conduct our economy which may lead to the loss of initiative in how we conduct our political affairs .
UNK to Britain , he says , `` We see a nation that traditionally values sovereignty above all else willing to give up its economy , placing this authority in Continental hands '' .
UNK a free market here , give us a sound , UNK money system , and we'll compete with anyone , Europe and Asia combined .
We welcome this able brief for the negative as part of a UNK discussion of the Atlantic Common Market which UNK will be continuing in our pages .
In the issue of March 5 , 1960 you had an excellent editorial which said :
I have done all this for the freedom of the individuals concerned and also for the states which have been threatened by Communist domination .
Since then nothing has happened to save the life of Pope .
An analogy
Louis 15 , -- Eisenhower .
I UNK that it is necessary for Americans to have a confrontation of the situation existing in foreign lands .
UNK note : UNK of `` Confrontation '' will be included among the material to be distributed to members of the Peace Corps .
A Peace Corps official described the editorial as `` precisely the message we need to communicate to the men and women who will soon be Peace Corps volunteers '' .
Yet the press was UNK to put these charges in perspective in its news columns .
The Senator had UNK them in with their own restrictions .
You have on more than one occasion praised the idea of a UNK press conference and the chance it gives the people to form intelligent opinions .
Up until now , the networks have grudgingly run half-hour UNK at 5 P.M. or sometimes 7 or UNK P.M. .
The radio stations did run `` UNK '' ( I thought ) during the evening hours .
Whether in his forthcoming book C. P. Snow UNK the errors of judgment and of fact with which your heavily UNK critic charged him is important .
Sir Robert UNK `` UNK '' of Sir Charles UNK UNK UNK is UNK throughout by too forceful a desire to defend UNK and apparently himself from Sir UNK supposed UNK while stating those `` UNK '' in an UNK UNK argument .
UNK '' .
The only fact that holds any weight in the article is the result of the tea party .
The concert opened with another big romantic score , UNK UNK to `` UNK '' , which suffered fate , this time with UNK UNK to the UNK point to keep it afloat .
Allied Arts Corporation first listed the Chicago dates as Dec. 4 thru 10 .
Not La UNK .
Well , UNK won't UNK from McCormick Place .
Will somebody please UNK the Auditorium ? ?
What's up now ? ?
He suggests that UNK Court UNK all the UNK of UNK UNK .
Larkin has an answer to all that .
The UNK of the UNK cooking areas , for example , will provide needed space for the extra television sets required by modern UNK , UNK and maids .
Also , perhaps , UNK and other UNK sports to keep them fit and contented .
He is willing to sell it just to get it off his hands .
He doesn't think that UNK them from a deck chair on the south side of the house with a UNK glass of beer for UNK is entirely sporting .
Since Russian was being spoken instead of Spanish , there is no violation of UNK or logic here .
As she gained UNK during the second act , her technical UNK emerged stronger , though she had already revealed a UNK almost unprecedented in years of performances of `` Lucia '' .
Each high note had the crowd in UNK so that it stopped the show UNK in the `` UNK UNK '' , but the real reason was a realization of the extraordinary performance UNK at the moment .
What followed the UNK brought almost UNK silence as Miss UNK revealed her mastery of a voice probably unique among UNK today .
In the UNK of her vocal UNK , however , she could sing the famous scene UNK .
Many years have passed since a Metropolitan audience heard anything comparable .
The performance also marked the debut of a most promising young conductor , UNK UNK .
He UNK more vitality into the score than it has revealed in many years .
) She has since turned to UNK , whose opera `` UNK Di UNK '' in a concert version with the American Opera Society introduced her to New York last season .
Anyone for musical UNK ? ?
In some of the numbers the instrumental parts have even been recorded at different times and then later combined on the master tape to produce special effects .
Only too often , however , you have the feeling that you are sitting in a room with some of the instruments lined up on one wall to your left and others facing them on the wall to your right .
There is an extraordinary sense of presence in all of these recordings , apparently obtained at least in part by UNK the middle and high frequencies .
UNK this month Edward R. UNK , director of the United States Information Agency , came to Hollywood and had dinner with more than 100 leaders of the motion picture industry .
This was not an UNK UNK to enjoyment of the performances , however , except in the case of the opening work , UNK Sonata in A ( K. UNK ) , which UNK along UNK in an UNK fashion .
It is `` UNK Into Victory '' , by Field Marshal UNK Slim .
UNK an army to win
His remarks about training , discipline , morale , leadership and command are UNK .
So I made no mention of air transport until we could get at least some of it '' .
Their singing was UNK , clear and , within obvious limitations , extremely pleasing .
The Latin , for example , was not only clear ; ;
it was even beautiful .
UNK came out neatly and in good balance .
A thoroughly UNK company it is , and when the final curtain falls you may suddenly realize that you have been sitting with a broad grin on your face all evening .
Under the surface of the wide range of folk movements is apparent a sound technical ballet training , and an equally professional sense of performing .
indeed , there are never fewer than eight of them on stage , and that is only for the more intimate numbers .
UNK by Michael Murray ; ;
John UNK , playing Larry Larkin , the UNK , carries the show in marvelous fashion .
This may be unfortunate , perhaps , from the standpoint of David UNK , UNK contribution to Hollywood , who is appearing by special arrangement with 20th UNK .
The UNK young man in Newport last night was at the UNK , where `` UNK For George Dillon '' opened as the jazz festival closed .
They not only think and feel UNK but live UNK as well .
It is into this household , one UNK by UNK that have tortured the souls out of its people , that George Dillon enters at the beginning of the play .
Not altogether a successful play , `` UNK For George Dillon '' overcomes through sheer vitality and power what in a lesser work might be UNK .
The sets are remarkably elaborate for a UNK that doesn't pause long in any one place , and they are devised so that they shift with a minimum of interruption or UNK .
'' )
Since the hero , a UNK and upright fellow , is a rich Brown senior , while two UNK are cast as UNK UNK , I suppose I should UNK myself from sitting in judgment on `` Where The Boys Are '' , but I shall do nothing of the sort .
Most of all , his letters to his philosophic colleagues show a UNK as well as an honesty which help to explain UNK reference to James as `` that UNK genius '' .
To James this vision never quite came , despite his appreciation of it in others .
I think that readers generally hate minute UNK and UNK .
All UNK of ours should , I believe , be either very broad statements of contrast , or fine points treated UNK , and as far as possible UNK .
The reader meets a few old friends like UNK and the UNK horse , and becomes better acquainted with new members of the cast of characters like the bomb itself , and civilization in her classic robe watching the nuclear arms race , her hair standing straight out .
and the UNK , who leads the bird community when he is not too busy in Washington UNK for UNK pieces .
) They train the UNK and other animals to fight .
And pretty soon gray fox is announcing that he won't have anyone around that's against him , and setting out to break his second territorial treaty with the birds .
the author possesses an UNK fine English style , and he is dealing with subjects of vast importance that are highly UNK for our time .
But he rejects , perhaps a little too UNK , the theory that UNK and UNK influences may have contributed to the policy of UNK Stalin which persisted until after the end of the war and reached its high point at the Yalta Conference in February , 1945 .
After all , UNK UNK , subsequently convicted of UNK in denying that he gave secret State Department documents to Soviet agents , was at Yalta .
It is quite probable , however , that stupidity , UNK and childish adherence to UNK like `` UNK surrender '' had more to do with the unsatisfactory UNK at the end of the war than UNK or sympathy with Communism .
This fascinating story begins with a sketch , rich in personal detail , of the UNK mutual impact of World War 1 , and the two UNK of the Russian Revolution .
Of many passages in the book that UNK the author's vivid style , the UNK of the two UNK UNK whose crimes make those of UNK UNK pale by comparison may be selected .
The Ireland we usually hear about in the theater is a place of bitter political or domestic UNK , UNK occasionally with flashes of native wit and charm .
This is the tale of one John UNK , an American who has UNK killed a man in the prize ring and is now trying to forget about it in a quiet place where he may become a quiet man .
But UNK , where Ellen UNK UNK and her UNK brother , Will , live , is no place for a man who will not use his fists .
The men of UNK are got up UNK in cloth UNK and UNK , and their dancing and singing is fine .
A tiny handful never did make the concert .
Mr. UNK resisted the temptation to UNK the UNK elements of the score .
And in the Prokofieff C major Piano UNK , with UNK UNK as soloist , he was an admirable partner .
What was lacking was a real sense of phrase , the kind of UNK singing that would have added a dimension of UNK to what is , after all , a very oily character .
Part of this characterization was , of course , accomplished with the vocal UNK .
The English never again developed a strong native music that could UNK the traces of an earlier great age the way , say , the opera in Italy UNK out the Italian UNK .
Claude UNK vocal description of a battle ( the French UNK of UNK , UNK , and UNK are very picturesque ) is lots of fun , and the singers get a sense of grace and shape into other UNK by UNK and UNK .
Nevertheless , the UNK , accuracy and infectious charm of these performances , UNK UNK , make it an attractive UNK at the period .
UNK and UNK gave titles to nearly everything they wrote , not in the later sense of `` program music '' but as a kind of UNK reference for the close , clear musical forms filled with keen wit and precise UNK .
All these records have close , attractive sound and the performances by a variety of UNK is characteristic .
Since UNK music tends to be pretty and elegant above all , it can seem rather UNK to twentieth-century ears that have grown accustomed to the stress and UNK of composers from Beethoven to UNK .
The performances were variable , those of the full ensemble being generally satisfying , some by UNK UNK rather trying .
They were accompanied by Anna UNK Lee , pianist .
UNK delightful music stands just at the point where the classical , UNK tradition , ( handed down to UNK largely in the form of operetta and UNK music ) becomes virtually UNK .
With the exception of a few spots , UNK music mostly UNK away with his usual collection of UNK , odd harmonies , and UNK , UNK UNK .
At the start of her program there were UNK of UNK .
Along about UNK , just when it was getting to be about time to turn the audience over and toast them on the other side , Judy came on singing , in a UNK blue dress with a blue and white jacket that UNK in the wind .
But what is equally impressive is the UNK and wonderful lyric quality of both the band and UNK UNK UNK in a fragile UNK like Bob UNK arrangement of `` UNK UNK '' .
He UNK to have his soloist performing and thus we get only brief UNK of what his ensemble work is like .
He met with enthusiastic audience approval , especially when he swung from jazz to Latin American things like the UNK .
UNK the blues from its African roots among the slaves who were brought to this country and the West Indies , he stressed the close relationship between the early jazz forms and the music of the Negro churches .
To help him on this religious aspect of primitive jazz he had `` Big '' Miller , as a UNK and UNK Dean , UNK , while Oscar Brown Jr. , an extremely talented young man , did a slave UNK call , a UNK work song , and a beautifully sung Negro UNK , `` Brown UNK '' , which was one of the truly moving moments of the festival .
Music UNK who are not familiar with this literature may hear an excellent example , played for RCA by UNK UNK .
If your favorite song is not here it must be an unfamiliar one .
Program note reads as follows :
UNK by Mr. UNK , the work filled the second half of a program that also offered the first New York showing of Miss UNK `` Once Upon A Time '' as well as her `` Women's Song '' and Mr. UNK `` UNK Figure '' .
Mr. UNK has described four `` places '' , each with its scenery and people , added two `` UNK '' , and concluded with `` A UNK for the Young '' , a UNK UNK interpretation of UNK dancing .
But they were not what distinguished his performance .
The collaboration was remarkable , as it was in both the other movements , too .
The orchestra was obviously on its UNK and it played most UNK .
UNK UNK will be the next soloist on Feb. 4 .
In the more casually constructed UNK of the UNK UNK and UNK UNK there would seem to have been less reason for eliminating a song of merit .
second chance
There are the UNK , UNK voices of Robert UNK , UNK UNK and Tommy UNK to make the most of Mr. UNK UNK melodies and , for an occasional change of pace , the bright humor of UNK UNK .
Elaine UNK , who sings with a UNK warm UNK , UNK some life into most of her songs , but the other members of the cast sound as UNK as Mr. UNK songs .
UNK strictly from the viewpoint of the Russian UNK , the film UNK UNK over the shoulders of a UNK Soviet couple , at both sides of the UNK UNK .
He preferred sleeping in bed with his head on a pillow .
With curiosity and UNK , he explored every inch of UNK , beach and burn , once UNK himself for hours on a UNK high up a sheer UNK UNK and waiting with calm faith to be UNK by Maxwell , who nearly lost his life in doing so .
The brief details of UNK death lend depth to the story , give it an edge of ironic tragedy .
The new `` UNK '' was done in 17th century setting , instead of ancient Greek ; ;
UNK , it will be recalled , is a man of mature years who tries to preserve the innocence of his youthful UNK .
of course , they do not reflect sincerity , but they exhibit a concern to make a good job out of his pious UNK .
UNK UNK , the UNK UNK , was a true artist , one who demonstrated UNK the power of art to UNK itself and flow into many channels .
His horn has blown loud and clear across the land for more years than he UNK to remember .
When the husband drops the case and returns to his wife , both seem sorry they brought the matter up in the first place .
And why do we in the West know so few of his UNK ? ?
They consisted of a new arrangement of `` UNK '' UNK UNK UNK by UNK UNK and Mr. UNK , with a large ensemble ; ;
A year ago today , when the Democrats were UNK and UNK in Los Angeles and John F. Kennedy was still only an able and ambitious Senator who UNK for the power and responsibility of the Presidency , Theodore H. White had already compiled masses of notes about the Presidential campaign of 1960 .
This is a remarkable book and an UNK interesting one .
Mr. Nixon , he believes , has no particular political philosophy and UNK his own campaign .
Every decision was made quickly on sound grounds .
Mr. UNK began UNK , with a voice that tended toward an unpleasant UNK when pushed beyond middle volume .
Not so well known is the growth of UNK operations aimed wholly or partly at Negro listeners -- an audience which , in the United States , UNK some UNK people with UNK to spend each year .
UNK , the station which wants real prestige must lead or participate in community improvement projects , not simply serve on the air .
And many UNK have been happy with the results of letting a Negro disc UNK phrase the commercial in his own words , working only from a fact sheet .
Sponsor UNK John UNK of the UNK station group as saying that the Southern Negro is becoming conscious of quality and `` does not wish to be associated with radio which is any way UNK to his race ; ;
The sociological impact is perhaps most UNK summed up in this UNK of J. Walter Carroll of UNK , San Francisco :
Obviously UNK early years were influenced by his close friend Robert Henri .
The UNK of brush stroke yielded to a UNK technique that finally led to UNK abandonment of American UNK in favor of single figure studies and studio UNK .
In addition to the paintings are drawings , prints , and illustrations .
These UNK dramatic moments showed the kind of `` opera style '' of which Beethoven was genuinely capable , but which did not take so kindly to the mechanics of UNK .
and Dr. G. J. UNK , reader in applied mathematics at the UNK College of Science and UNK , London .
UNK and contracts
Professor UNK UNK with the UNK theory .
UNK successful in England before its transfer to New York , most of `` Roots '' is as UNK UNK as the UNK of the small new theater are gaudy .
Only in its final scene , where UNK UNK ( Mary UNK ) UNK off the disappointment of being UNK by her intellectual lover and UNK her emancipation do we get much which makes worthwhile the series of UNK UNK UNK we have had to watch for most of the first two and one-half acts .
The New York Shakespeare Festival , which is using the UNK Memorial UNK UNK while its theatre near the UNK is being completed , began UNK .
A voice on the UNK system announced that if the rain let up the performance would resume in ten minutes .
`` Much UNK '' ends happily .
One could hardly blame UNK Morris , the UNK Commissioner , for devoting so much grateful mention to the UNK technicians who at short notice provided the stage with its rising UNK , its UNK , its generous wings and even its impressive UNK for the use of the UNK .
UNK Elder , who designed the stage , also created a gay , spacious set that UNK UNK with the park background and Shakespeare's UNK mood .
All the more reason why there should have been no place for the UNK ; ;
On Saturday , the orchestra was UNK situated down on the field , the stage floor was apparently in decent condition for dancing , and the order of the program improved .
There was , UNK , a UNK for the UNK patrons .
Maria UNK and UNK UNK , who UNK the `` UNK '' UNK de UNK , were also seen in the UNK UNK de UNK from `` Don UNK '' , another brilliant UNK that displayed their technical UNK UNK .
This somewhat cynical comment may be found in `` Blue UNK , Brown UNK '' , a collection of travel essays by William Sansom , who would never consider staying home for long .
Mr. Sansom is English , bearded , UNK cultivated , the UNK author of numerous volumes of short stories , of novels and of pieces that are neither short stories nor travel articles but something UNK between .
There are sixteen essays in `` Blue UNK , Brown UNK '' .
He UNK UNK facts .
UNK with `` UNK wide and UNK as a UNK ears '' ; ;
after a UNK a landscape UNK `` of UNK and clarity '' .
Unfortunately , `` UNK For UNK '' was not the UNK vehicle with which to make the point .
But quite conceivably an altogether different impression will obtain when the work is offered in the theatre and there can be other effects to relieve the burden on the author's words .
good radio drama has its own special demands that badly need UNK .
A weekly UNK for contemporary music , from the UNK UNK of Stravinsky to the UNK and UNK of electronic music , is UNK its fourth anniversary this month .
The show is UNK and written by the UNK assistant continuity editor , Chuck UNK .
So , for that matter , are the newer dances -- the `` UNK Dance '' with its animal movements , that UNK UNK act by UNK UNK called `` The UNK '' , the rousing and beautiful UNK celebration called `` UNK '' , `` The Three UNK '' of UNK UNK up on their staffs , and , of course , the UNK `` Rock UNK UNK '' .
in fact , a freezing autumn UNK the UNK .
In the Canadian UNK , great UNK of UNK are already UNK gold .
The UNK UNK UNK in early October , choice UNK being UNK from UNK up to Lake George and UNK and 86 in the Lake UNK area .
UNK south in New York there is a heavy haze of color over the UNK in UNK , notably along UNK 23 and UNK .
The most brilliant displays are along the UNK Drive above UNK UNK Valley and throughout the Great UNK between North Carolina and Tennessee .
The `` UNK tail '' UNK UNK a giant fan of water 100 feet wide and 40 feet high .
UNK UNK , after a long , painful illness that might have crushed a UNK soul , has come back with an absolute UNK of a novel which jumped high on UNK lists even before official publication .
This UNK by Louis UNK of the brief , UNK life of Stephen UNK -- poet and master novelist at 23 , dead at 28 -- is in UNK form but does not abuse its tragic subject .
Shore facilities are enormous -- Los Angeles UNK UNK boats , and Long Beach 3,000 -- but UNK are crowded everywhere .
the UNK UNK De UNK was intelligent , UNK , and passionate .
Between the first meeting of Clerfayt and UNK and this UNK UNK , Mr. UNK has laid down many pages of UNK UNK , some UNK and rather UNK UNK , pleasant talk about some of the countryside and restaurants of Europe , and a UNK of automobile racing .
the UNK , perhaps because it is pale and UNK when one has been conditioned to expect harsh colors and UNK , is often charming ; ;
The Italian master UNK UNK , no less sensitive , knows twice the UNK though he thinks of a UNK UNK to a wet UNK road at UNK miles an hour as a matter best expressed in UNK UNK .
Never given to UNK words , he places heavy blame upon the UNK , UNK leadership of Britain and particularly America .
The net result is that under American leadership the general world situation has become bad .
As UNK as has been our leadership clearly the United States must be relied upon to lead .
`` But where is the leader who will handle all these things for us '' ? ?
Like Eisenhower , he holds the UNK suspicion of politicians .
For the most part , his writing UNK and UNK , preventing easy access by the reader to his true thoughts .
Nevertheless , Montgomery has stated UNK and wisely the crisis of the Western world .
And in the wake of the new UNK and the new techniques of processing comes a new American interest in how what people eat affects their health .
From the UNK UNK of UNK , eggs and UNK , the U.S. has progressed to UNK , concentrates and UNK .
The man most firmly at grips with the problem is the University of UNK UNK UNK Keys , 57 , inventor of the wartime K ( for Keys ) ration and author of last year's UNK UNK Well And UNK Well .
Already many an American knows his count , and UNK or worries depending on whether it is nearer 180 ( safe ) or 250 ( dangerous ) .
The deficiency diseases -- UNK , tropical UNK , UNK -- run UNK .
Today , as UNK UNK Of Internal UNK , a standard UNK text , puts it , `` The most common form of UNK is UNK excess or UNK '' .
UNK aside , the fat man has plenty to worry about -- over and above the fact that no one any longer loves him .
Some families place undue emphasis on food : conversations center on it , and rich UNK are offered as UNK , withheld as punishment .
The result says UNK : `` The child gains the feeling that food is the purpose of life '' .
What concerns him much more is the relationship of diet to the nation's No. 1 killer : coronary artery disease , which accounts for more than half of all heart UNK and kills UNK Americans a year -- twice the toll from all varieties of cancer , five times the deaths from automobile accidents .
UNK , the UNK of Dr. UNK theory , is a mysterious UNK , UNK substance , UNK a UNK alcohol .
They know it is the chief UNK in UNK .
They suspect it plays a role in the production of UNK UNK , and they believe it is essential to the transport of fats throughout the UNK system .
Eventually , says Keys , one of two things happens .
When the words are used , we are never sure which of the traditional meanings the UNK may have in mind , or to what extent his revisions and UNK of former UNK correspond to ours .
Although the particular form of UNK which popular imagination had made in response to the experience of spirit was undoubtedly defective , the raw experience itself which led to such UNK remains with us as vividly as ever .
The situation in which we find ourselves is brought out with dramatic force in Arthur UNK play The UNK , which deals with the Salem UNK trials .
We are left helpless to cope with it because we do not dare speak of it as anything real for fear that to do so would imply a commitment to that which has already been UNK and proved false .
And his belief is not to his UNK .
Spirit and community
UNK , for example , of the spirit of the Marine Corps .
Surely this is a reality we all acknowledge .
One characteristic of the spirit in community is its UNK .
But it is to say that this need is far more important for such UNK than most of the UNK seem to have suspected .
But can we any longer afford the luxury of such UNK UNK ? ?
Can the church risk assuming that the `` UNK '' of men is as dear to God as their `` wisdom '' , or , as is also commonly implied , that `` the UNK of God '' and `` the UNK of men '' are simply two ways of talking about the same thing ? ?
In arguing in this way , we are obviously taking for granted that a UNK UNK of the UNK can be achieved ; ;
In order to make the implications of our position as clear as possible , we may develop this argument at greater length .
In any case , I have always been treated with the utmost UNK by Englishmen , even in UNK and UNK , where UNK feeling has supposedly existed the strongest and longest .
A further UNK Anglican churches have been UNK since 1948 '' .
And in the last five years , the `` Methodist chapel committee has authorized the UNK or , more often , the sale of UNK UNK '' .
I have found myself saying with other foreigners here that English Catholics are good Catholics .
The English UNK are widely UNK , quite naturally , and now there is great hope that the UNK UNK and Cardinal Newman will soon be UNK .
Some Catholic priests lecture there ; ;
Catholic priests have frequently appeared on television programs , sometimes discussing the Christian faith on an equal UNK with Protestant clergymen .
And it was interesting to observe that UNK television film on Christmas Eve was The UNK Of St. Mary's .
Christ is both unique and universal .
Irenaeus does not regard Adam and Eve merely as private individuals , but as universal human beings , who were and are all of humanity .
There are some passages in the writings of Irenaeus where the image of God and the similitude are sharply distinguished , so most notably in the statement : `` If the ( Holy ) Spirit is absent from the soul , such a man is indeed of an animal nature ; ;
`` Eve was UNK ; ;
Because he UNK the primitive state of man as one of mere UNK or capacity and believes that Adam and Eve were created as children , Irenaeus often seems inclined to UNK their disobedience as being `` due , no doubt , to UNK , but still wicked '' .
he sees a parallel also to the Jewish day of preparation for the UNK .
This idea , which occurs in both UNK and UNK , fits especially well into the scheme of UNK theology ; ;
This emphasis upon death rather than sin as man's fundamental problem Irenaeus shares with many early theologians , especially the UNK ones .
On the other hand , Christian faith knows that death is more than the natural termination of UNK existence .
If death receives more than its share of attention from the UNK and if sin receives less than its share , the gift of the life eternal through Christ begins to look like the UNK appointed means of rescue from UNK , i.e. , created , existence .
Furthermore , as an encouragement to UNK thinking , it UNK is fair to admit that any fraternity has a constitutional right to refuse to accept persons it UNK .
Suppose they both had UNK into UNK which their colleagues thought UNK : is this the way gentlemen settle frank differences of opinion ? ?
It has been endlessly UNK , but I may here put it thus : at what point do the tolerant find themselves obliged to become UNK ? ?
He UNK the citizens in language of so little UNK that they had to respond with , at the least , resentment .
What otherwise could `` the lawyer , doctor , minister , the men of science and letters '' do when told that they had `` become the UNK and UNK and the three UNK who stood before the golden UNK of the merchant , and continually cried , ' Holy , holy , holy is the UNK UNK ' `` ? ?
`` If it gave me pleasure to say hard things '' , he wrote , `` I would shut up forever '' .
It has been my lot all through life to associate with eminent scientists and at times to discuss with them the deepest and most vital of all questions , the nature of the hope of a life beyond this .
Here I took my leave of my learned friends to step out on another path , to which we might give the modern name of UNK , or the thing that works .
I UNK no limits to a faith UNK in God and Christ , who is the sum of all wisdom and knowledge , and daring to trust Him even though called to stand alone before the world .
That is why the Bible commands you to `` UNK and see that the Lord is good : blessed ( happy ) is the man that UNK in Him '' ( UNK 34 : 8 ) .
whom shall I fear ? ?
We UNK tons of UNK and UNK and sleeping pills in order to get a UNK relief from the tensions that are tearing us apart .
Suppose we do get our fears out in the open , what then ? ?
Meanwhile , the enemy will UNK on our fears , if he can .
It could have the same effect on Communists .
whom shall I fear ? ?
UNK everybody in Berlin has relatives and friends that live in the opposite part of the city .
We live from crisis to crisis .
He lived in a very dark world , but he was not in the dark .
he could only see the light coming over the horizon .
If God could do that , He could do anything .
The UNK Paul said the same thing in the language and faith of the New Testament : `` He that spared not His own Son , but delivered Him up for us all , how shall He not with Him freely give us all things ? ?
UNK ! !
But , again , we have no real evidence on this from that quarter until the close of the ninth century A.D. , when an UNK scholar , UNK UNK UNK ( UNK ) is said to have discussed the magic square of three .
Thus all differences were leveled , and all contrasts UNK , in a realm of no distinction , and the UNK balance of the Lo Shu square could effectively symbolize the world in balanced harmony around a powerful central axis .
This trend has often been UNK to the cult of the Five UNK itself , as though they had served as the base for all the rest ; ;
And why did the Chinese suddenly begin to talk about the Five UNK , when the animals they used as symbols of the directions designated only the usual four ? ?
while the Yin , or female principle , flourished in darkness , cold , and quiet UNK , and was associated with the Moon .
During the Han UNK , another UNK conception was applied to the Lo Shu , considering the latter as a plan of Ancient China .
The same arrangement was used when the Lo Shu was UNK with the Nine UNK ; ;
The pastor and the Membership Preparation and UNK Committee must follow through immediately with a carefully planned program .
The atmosphere for this momentous experience can be created most effectively through the worship experience .
8 )
the church is `` the family of God '' .
Every member of the family must have a vital place in its life .
One denomination had a membership of UNK at the beginning of the period under study , and twenty years later its membership stood at UNK -- a net growth of only UNK .
Those who enter the front door of the church UNK and with Christian dedication will not so easily step through the back door because of lost interest .
-- Social and recreational activities
UNK must be taken neither to UNK unity with uniformity nor God with our parochial ideas about him , but with these two qualifications , the statement stands .
UNK attending the UNK of India and the establishment of the State of Israel are simply recent grim UNK of the hostility such divisions can UNK .
to escape this fate , it must rule some things out .
Yet the fact remains that such institutions do set men at odds with their fellows .
What are the pertinent facts UNK such communication at the present UNK of history ? ?
To some extent the personal UNK that UNK attempt to UNK for are to be found in all of us .
UNK and UNK tend to consider not only missions but the local churches they have produced as centers and agents of Western culture and ideology if not of direct political propaganda .
I turn finally to several theological developments .
During the years when Israel was passing from crisis to crisis -- the UNK campaign , the UNK of UNK of UNK immigrants -- it was felt that the purpose of national unity could be best served if the secular majority were to yield to the religious parties .
Especially is this true when , because the good effect is remote and speculative while the evil is certain and grave , the action is UNK .
If we have not thought and made a decision entirely in these terms , then we need to submit ourselves to the following `` simple test '' : `` Have we decided how we are to kill the other members of our household in the event of our being less injured than they are '' ? ?
Thus , moral decision must be entirely UNK backward from the likely UNK ; ;
But one does not have to affirm the existence of an evil order UNK in that sense , or a static order in which no changes will take place in time , to be able UNK to affirm the following fact : there has never been UNK UNK in social institutions and social relationships except in the context of some UNK preserved by UNK or naked force .
On their way to the UNK City the children of God make use of the UNK of the earthly city and acknowledge their share in responsibility for its preservation .
Hope for the future would lie in the natural longing of the human race for freedom and the right to develop '' .
Here , in an atmosphere of UNK and mutual criticism , each sought to bring his particular insights to bear upon the question of discrimination in housing and the part each man present played in it .
UNK live in their communities as specialists in a given area of work , as members of social and professional organizations , as citizens and civic leaders , as church laymen , as university UNK , as newspaper readers , etc. .
There is some reality to this ; ;
UNK , both generally and in this group , have invariably UNK residential integration with a decline in property values , a circumstance viewed with considerable apprehension .
UNK statutes in housing have now been adopted by thirteen states and , while specific provisions have varied , the tendency is clearly toward expanding coverage .
( 3 ) Over the years , individuals engaged in the sale of real estate have developed remarkable unity in the methods and practices employed .
Our faculty and students pressed this issue more than any other .
We may feel UNK at the outlook .
We are looking inside the atom and seeing there a universe which is not material but something beyond the material , a universe that in a word is not matter but music .
And it is in this new vision of the atom that we find an UNK and an UNK of our faith .
You know that I could hold right here in my hand the little UNK of uranium metal that was the heart of the bomb that dropped on Hiroshima .
For if I knew the secret of letting this power in my body change directly into electricity , I could rent myself out to the electric companies and with just the power in my body I could light all the lights and run all the factories in the entire United States for some days .
Then I calculated that a million peas would just about fill a household refrigerator ; ;
and a UNK peas would fill all the buildings in the city of Philadelphia .
So you see how small an atom is and how complicated you are .
A UNK -- and space
Someone has remarked that this is certainly the ultimate in reducing .
and therefore the atom was really just a little machine ; ;
So if you are made of atoms , you are just a big machine ; ;
The form of Christianity to which they were exposed was for some the Protestantism of the older stock , for others the Protestantism of the nineteenth-century immigration ; ;
We will now speak of the ways in which it helped shape the ideals of the country and of the manner in which it stimulated efforts to attain those ideals through reform movements , through UNK for bringing the collective life to the nation to conformity to Christian standards , and through leaders in the government .
In the twentieth century its influence grew , as did that of the Protestantism of the nineteenth-century immigration .
We must also remember those who reacted against the dream as a kind of myth -- among them UNK , UNK , and Henry James the elder , all of them out of a Christian background .
Several of the movements were given a marked UNK by UNK .
UNK , some from New England , had a larger share than their proportionate numerical strength would have UNK .
For example , in UNK the Philadelphia UNK UNK of Friends declared that its members should UNK their slaves and in UNK it determined to UNK from membership all who did not UNK .
The anti-slavery movement took many forms .
UNK Phillips ( UNK ) , from a prominent Massachusetts family , in his UNK was converted under the preaching of UNK UNK .
By UNK the balance between them , he effected the UNK of the seasons .
If the moral code were UNK , the proper balance of the universe would be upset , and the disastrous result could be UNK , UNK , or UNK .
It was this UNK unity that was UNK , and not its temporary manifestations in the world of reality .
The UNK believed the unity could be influenced by proper magical manipulation ; ;
UNK was UNK with ritual UNK , the mark of a true gentleman .
To live correctly in an interdependent moral and material universe of living and dead was decisive for man's fate .
UNK is considered not only irrelevant to the acquisition of higher knowledge , but a positive UNK .
`` Why '' , said the teacher , `` art thou so late '' ? ?
The need of the new birth
The new birth is necessary because god is holy .
Therefore as through one man sin entered into the world and through sin death , and thus death has passed unto all men because all have UNK .
You also , when you were dead by reason of your UNK and sins .
As many as received him were born of God .
If we are born of God we love God .
He who does not love UNK in death .
I am convinced of this , that he who has begun a good work in you will bring it to perfection until the day of Christ Jesus .
If then any man is in Christ , he is a new creature ( literally , `` He is a new creation ) , the former things have passed away ; ;
For by grace you have been saved through faith ; ;
1 St. John 12 .
The new birth is the UNK of the divine nature .
And the life that I now live in the flesh , I live in the faith of the Son of God , who loved me and gave himself up for me .
But to as many as received him he gave the power of becoming sons of God ; ;
St. John 12 , 13 .
God withheld His wrath .
You can laugh at His UNK salvation , curse His followers , and laugh at hell .
The choice is yours : the UNK and UNK of this world or quiet communion with God ; ;
The choice is yours : God is in your hands , now .
Then it will be a `` fearful thing to fall into the hands of the living God '' if you have UNK Him in your hands .
this issue that you are reading marks my 15th anniversary .
Some work with their hands .
Fifteen years ago , there were no Guideposts at all .
It is the whisper in the heart that urges each one to be better than he is .
Neither had any publishing experience , but they had faith in their idea .
And the 100,000 UNK became a reality .
UNK of free copies are sent each month to UNK in the Armed Forces , to prison libraries and to hospitals everywhere .
UNK UNK has been twice to Africa , once spending a week with Dr. Albert Schweitzer .
I am sure that Castro was happy , too , about that support .
He spent long hours before the TV UNK out promises of revenge .
In my mind , I began to review : his use of hate to gain support ; ;
What should I do about it , I asked myself ? ?
I was proud of the new buildings which housed UNK now : the UNK , UNK behind glass doors ; ;
`` You will lose the paper .
Seeing so many illustrations and reading so many UNK to the value of UNK and UNK , those two UNK Weider food UNK , he decided to try them and see what they could do for him .
Well , sir they did real great ! !
Henri has always had UNK legs from swimming and water skiing and really doesn't have to work them very much .
That's when he went to Professor Claude .
And at once Claude saw what the trouble was and he knew just how to correct it .
As you can see , in this Push-Pull UNK UNK the entire UNK area is vigorously exercised in alternate sectors by alternate exercises so the complete torso remains UNK all the time ! !
that UNK `` UNK rock '' looks of the great champions .
UNK still is a Mr. America or Mr. Universe of true UNK build .
Because they are `` minority '' exercises and have but a limited appeal they soon find themselves in the UNK of the forgotten .
The One UNK UNK is a split and all UNK practice this in their regular UNK .
4 .
Oh , you'll UNK and UNK quite a bit at first .
But don't worry .
Although I suggested that you hold the bar at the back of the neck there's no reason why you shouldn't make some experiments with the bar held in front of the neck .
UNK are supposed to like it cool , but those great UNK flowers were healthy and UNK in the glaring sun .
Of course his love was expressed in intelligent care .
We put a light mulch over the UNK ; ;
That keeps in the cold , retains moisture and prevents the UNK of alternate freezing and UNK .
Like UNK in December , pansies are far more exciting in February than in May .
Try UNK down each separate branch to the earth , using a UNK pin to hold it there .
The fruit is allowed to mature on the tree , but it is still firm at this point .
UNK , however , are very rich in UNK .
Therefore , if the target can significantly change its location in something less than 30 minutes , the probability of having destroyed it is drastically lowered .
But , how does one go about the job of finding and destroying mobile forces ? ?
Here then is our problem : aircraft are vital to winning a war today because they can perform those missions which a missile is totally incapable of performing ; ;
Use nuclear UNK to keep our long-range military aircraft in the air for the majority of their useful life .
We have the technology today with which to build aircraft shelters which could UNK at least 200 Aj .
Today we have UNK radar which has such high resolution that the radar picture clearly shows individual buildings , UNK , UNK , separate UNK of bridges , etc. .
Moreover , the piece is written in five movements , rather than the conventional four of most UNK , and this gives the UNK a UNK or UNK flavor .
Yet no detail was too small to receive attention from this master , and as a result the playing here has humor , UNK , and radiant humanity .
And although UNK UNK UNK with excitement , it is meticulously faithful to UNK dynamic UNK and phrase indications .
( Special UNK to the double bass playing of UNK UNK : his UNK , UNK sound adds a delightful UNK to the performance .
Although lacking absolute UNK , they supply the ear and the imagination with all necessary materials for UNK of the original .
The UNK Ma non UNK of the first trio of the UNK is taken literally and may shock you , as the real UNK UNK UNK of the finale is likely to bring you to your feet .
The already faded UNK UNK of the naive music itself UNK entirely in UNK UNK contrasts between UNK UNK power and UNK , if UNK , UNK .
The home listener is UNK , all right , but the experience is a far from pleasant one .
Over 60 Juniors , parents and guests attended .
If you walk into the ring because it is fun to show your dog , he will feel it and give you a good performance ! !
Last year a boy he knows and helped in UNK won the UNK UNK UNK UNK which is worth $10,000 .
He gave a resume of the steps taken in order for the boy he sponsored to win the scholarship .
This Class can be just as successful in the dog world if it is given a chance .
In the morning we leave the room looking as neat as a pin ! !
No matter how determined or wealthy boating UNK of the Southwest had been , for example , they could never have created anything approaching the fifty UNK Lake UNK , located between Texas and Oklahoma , which resulted when the UNK of Army Engineers UNK the Red River .
And trailers for boats are not what they started out to be ten years ago .
There is no question as to just what is available .
You name it , our industry is producing it , and it probably is made in different models .
Designers and manufacturers have produced models for UNK who run the UNK from a UNK version of the elderly UNK lady who never drove more than five miles an hour on her UNK ride around the block , to the UNK UNK who UNK on all the dash , color , flair and speed possible to UNK in a single boat .
American technology in engine and hull design is largely responsible for the plentiful interest in American boating .
Now here is truly a UNK .
UNK and rates of interest for motors generally follow those for home UNK .
When the automobile was in its UNK stage , such roads as existed were pretty much open roads with the UNK understanding that horses should not be UNK terrified being about the only rule governing where , when and how fast a car could go .
Come one , come all , the UNK fine ! !
In 1959 , the UNK UNK Bureau was UNK by the National Association of UNK and UNK UNK and a group of insurance UNK to provide a testing laboratory and UNK service for boats and their equipment .
UNK which also provide some of the above facilities may UNK be called UNK .
In the frame are two sets of bars which UNK with each other to prevent the operator from making dangerous moves .
If the lever is pulled to clear a signal or move a switch , the tappet moves a short distance UNK at the same time .
Two or more dogs are mounted on each locking bar .
UNK signals are normally at stop or `` red '' position , and a lever must be pulled to `` clear '' the signal .
Each diagram is accompanied by a `` dog chart '' , a list of the UNK that show which other UNK any particular lever will lock if pulled .
`` Home '' signals have two blades .
Our instructions assume you are building this particular frame , which is for a UNK .
UNK these using six intermediate temporary Af UNK and locate the upper UNK '' bar `` A '' .
To find the other stop screw position , insert the tappet into the frame and hold the screw head tight against the frame edge .
UNK to make this dimension slightly UNK so you can file the screw head to get exactly 1/4'' '' tappet movement .
File to a smooth finish .
The equation is used for the mathematical process of solving the problem .
They indicate simple division , UNK , UNK , and addition .
For example , for the problem Af , 10 from 25 UNK 15 , then 6 from 15 UNK 9 .
UNK separated by addition symbols may be placed in any order .
The easiest way to do this is with a conversion chart .
It is a number without which the equation cannot be solved correctly .
UNK the result by the number of cylinders in the engine gives the UNK total displacement .
The formula is : Af .
UNK in inches , and fractions of inches will give the displacement in cubic inches .
Do not UNK the chamber .
Such liquids will rise to a considerable height above the surface around the chamber before they will flow out of the chamber .
However , the displacement of the cylinder can be converted to cubic centimeters .
The volume of the cylinder opening in the head UNK must be computed by multiplying its area in square inches by the UNK thickness in UNK of an inch .
-- The best UNK UNK mile up to date at Ben White UNK has been that of Mary UNK ( UNK Ellen ) , a member of the Dick Williams stable , who was UNK UNK .
She is owned by Ralph H. UNK , Milwaukee , UNK , who , according to the UNK , can feel UNK proud of her .
Other good miles have been by UNK ( UNK UNK Hanover ) and UNK Time ( UNK Time ) in UNK ; ;
UNK Hanover ( UNK UNK ) , UNK ( UNK UNK Hanover ) and Isaac ( UNK UNK Hanover ) has been working together but have not UNK their best work done some weeks ago .
But up to date he has shown as much as any in the big UNK stable .
His best time is around UNK .
UNK Hanover ( UNK UNK Hanover ) is improving with each UNK and paced UNK weeks ago .
Up to date she is a UNK filly .
UNK Hill ( UNK UNK Hanover ) has gone in UNK ; ;
UNK Jet ( UNK Precious ) 2:37 ; ;
Good Little Girl ( Good UNK Hanover ) 2:36 ; ;
Bill UNK UNK Deerstalker ( under UNK ) is a new rifle action in a caliber that UNK all the modern theory of UNK fans ; ;
The new , UNK slug in Magnum corrected this .
If ever a rifle met the needs of the UNK UNK , this is it .
UNK Jet Magnum Center Fire .
A shortened version of the highly regarded UNK UNK UNK also appeared in 1961 .
it's just right for a boy of UNK .
The UNK UNK ( beginning at just over UNK ) is a pump gun in 12 or 16 .
this is an improved version of the old Model 200 , a UNK UNK shotgun .
UNK stable -- J. Vernon , UNK '' .
UNK was at the Palace Hotel , luncheon was somewhere in the mountain forest , and dinner was either at UNK Creek or at Santa Cruz .
The UNK would have the table ready and a pot of coffee UNK on the stove ; ;
Vernon was UNK fond of oysters , and UNK had been famous for them since the Civil War .
( UNK have long argued about which came first , the UNK or UNK .
) Vernon , however , held out for plain UNK roast , and plenty of it , UNK by UNK or any UNK but salt , though he did fancy a bit of lemon .
One could UNK in the reflection of its UNK panels , and its UNK were UNK like those of UNK wheels .
UNK and UNK also grew around Wright's , and deer were rather a UNK ; ;
they leaped UNK fences with the UNK of UNK .
In a UNK put sufficient water to cover them , an equal amount of sugar , a UNK lemon , a UNK of UNK preserve or UNK , a UNK each of UNK and UNK , and a large bay leaf .
Those who have never traveled the width and length of this land cannot conceive , on the basis of UNK description alone , the overwhelming space and variety of this country held together under one government .
the UNK , UNK , UNK life of the great cities of the East ; ;
For this reason , U.S. UNK has prepared this special UNK vacation feature .
UNK New England , you'll no doubt want a color shot of one of the picturesque UNK .
UNK Mountain , Tennessee ; ;
For restoration of early American life the places to visit are UNK , UNK and UNK , Virginia .
In contrast are the vast open stretches of ranch country and oil UNK .
UNK homes and gardens are UNK of the South and cities particularly noted for them are UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK , and Savannah , UNK .
In North UNK the strangely beautiful UNK will challenge you to translate its wonder on to film .
UNK of the Midwest
A UNK of the Battle of Lexington , May 18th at Lexington , Missouri ; ;
About a thousand years after that , when the Roman Empire was divided , it became capital of the Eastern section .
Start of tour
Across the bridge on the left I saw St. Sophia with its sturdy brown UNK and to the right of them the UNK UNK of the Blue UNK .
On the other side of the Golden Horn I rode through UNK Square , with UNK UNK , or the New UNK , which dates from the UNK Century , just across from the entrance to the bridge .
UNK and other monuments that stood there were stolen , mostly by the waves of UNK .
Just before coming to the UNK entrance I crossed the street , entered the UNK , and walked ahead to the UNK of UNK , originally erected in UNK in Egypt about UNK B.C. by UNK , who also built those now in New York , London and Rome at the UNK .
Beyond it I noted a small green column , about twelve feet below the present ground level -- the UNK Column , three UNK UNK , which once stood at the Temple of UNK at UNK , Greece .
It stands in the middle of what was once the UNK of Constantine , who brought it from Rome .
I stayed on the car for a few minutes until , turning right , it entered a huge square , UNK , with the UNK UNK on the right and the gate to the university just beyond it .
After lunch , in the UNK on my left just before reaching the street I found a UNK shop that sells some of the best UNK -- a sweet , UNK cake -- in UNK .
( Do start fires one or two hours ahead of time to obtain a lasting bed of glowing coals .
Make use of the back of the barbecue or of the UNK for heating vegetables , UNK and such .
( This goes for getting a drink tray ready , and for having a big cooler full of ice on hand long before the party begins .
Do without fancy UNK .
Or buy half a dozen lengths of UNK and change patterns for different kinds of UNK .
lots of them .
If you travel over the vast UNK you will , no doubt , discover that feeding is an expensive business .
He had a UNK make buns UNK to fit his franks .
UNK to popular opinion , `` a UNK mode '' doesn't mean `` with ice cream '' -- it just means , in the latest style .
UNK UNK
.
UNK UNK cocktail franks with UNK .
Frankfurter UNK
UNK one strip UNK around each UNK frankfurter , UNK dough at ends to seal it .
UNK 12 .
Use UNK clay , free of air bubbles and UNK enough to bend without cracking .
If clay is slightly out of shape , square straight sides with guide sticks or rulers pressed against opposite sides , or smooth round pieces with damp fingers .
No UNK firing .
UNK UNK
If design head has a deep cavity , clay lid will be quite thick at this point ; ;
Place jar on plaster board with lid in place to dry slowly .
UNK with two coats of UNK UNK in UNK with touches of UNK pink on lid .
Press the side pieces of clay into cavity of mold .
Press clay into cavity of one mold three times ; ;
Make UNK the same .
UNK outside of container where handle ends will be joined .
Make lid for sugar bowl the same as jar UNK , omitting design disk .
Place work on a flat surface and smooth out .
To insert UNK :
Place sleeve UNK at center UNK and center of sleeve cap at shoulder UNK .
UNK UNK
to UNK seams together :
UNK vertical edges , such as those at the back UNK of a UNK , can be woven together UNK .
UNK edges together , right side up .
All are well distributed , not crowded together near the stern .
Therefore , the lumber is bought in UNK and UNK to size for battens , etc. , on a table saw .
Be sure all members are parallel , vertical and level as required .
The first two pieces butt against the inner member of the keelson and are glued and screwed to the brace between the first two frames .
UNK is important because the rear seat , bunks and front jump seats rest on or are fastened to many of the side battens .
The UNK go in the same way except that they are made of two pieces of UNK wood for strength and easier UNK .
This can be obtained in UNK UNK 24 feet long .
Then it is replaced and fastened .
When the cloth is smooth , apply another coat of resin , spreading it with a paint UNK .
The exception is where the flooring UNK .
in a remote section there might be no restrictions at all .
This can usually be found out at the nearest town hall .
Will the view be something you can live with ? ?
The outside surface of the solid units shall be of an UNK grade of panel board such as plywood , plastic UNK panel board , high density particle board , UNK board , or any other product locally obtainable upon recommendation of your building supply dealer .
The UNK are constructed as shown in the detail , with a drop door for UNK .
All nails should be UNK , and aluminum is highly recommended .
Other UNK may UNK UNK a special size lumber for the glass trim .
Too light a feed , particularly with metal or other hard material , causes UNK of the tool and burning of the cutting edge .
UNK cutters can fool you into putting your hand too close to the tool , so if you want to avoid UNK fingers , keep your hands well out of the way .
For their length , their types of construction , their picturesque settings , and their literary associations , they should be known and remembered .
`` It consists of two divisions , separated by an island at a small distance from the southern shore .
As Mr. Palmer was educated to UNK only , and had never seen a structure of this nature ; ;
It was indeed a remarkable UNK that a man who had had no experience of bridge building should have applied the principle of the arch , which appears in his famous bridges at UNK , UNK , and Philadelphia .
It reads : `` chain bridges
John UNK
It fell , February 6 , UNK , carrying with it a horse and wagon , two men and four oxen .
This second chain bridge was UNK feet long , had two UNK UNK and a draw , and a double UNK .
It still stands as a monument to the engineering skills of the last century and still serves in the gasoline age to carry heavy traffic on U.S. Route 250 -- the old Beverly and UNK Turnpike .
Probably no location for a pool is perfect on all counts .
We seemed to be UNK the population explosion right in our own UNK .
We had merely been discovered by the pool UNK .
So rules we made , in UNK UNK .
Since our UNK in this respect coincided precisely , we present the fruits of our efforts UNK as a single social code for pool owners .
Their friends and ours are welcome to share the pool , but on our terms and at our times .
A UNK of UNK mothers , backs to the pool , is no UNK .
We also worked out UNK for Sunday afternoon UNK who arrive two hours early with their weekend guests while we are still enjoying an UNK lunch UNK UNK .
In many UNK , now , the law requires all pools to be UNK , usually to a minimum height of 5 feet .
They are the result of a constant and careful contest with the elements .
You need more chlorine .
Often one UNK high in a tree will provide all the light you need at much less expense .
Our experience has taught us that it pays to buy the best equipment possible , from UNK to brushes .
UNK a line across the country at the UNK of lower Pennsylvania .
You can install it yourself -- this is a central system that will cool every part of your house .
Its UNK ? ?
The need for UNK , UNK , UNK becomes more UNK .
If you can't see your way clear to have summer cooling included when building , by all means make provision for its easy adding later .
Be sure ducts that require insulation get it when they are installed .
The heat pump .
UNK UNK is often as important as cooling .
Before it UNK on again , UNK can build up and make you uncomfortable even though the temperature is still low .
A shift in the walls , or a change in the roof slope , so the sun hits them more UNK , can save you money .
Such UNK insulation not only permits a much smaller cooling installation , but will continue to reduce operating expenses both in heating and cooling .
UNK UNK quiet .
The same is true of areas which at first look good because of a few existing recreation features but may actually be poor areas to develop for general public use .
What are the existing recreation features ? ?
A site which UNK a harbor or river may offer interest in the activities of boating traffic .
Other factors , such as water temperature , depth of water , the fish life it supports , wave action , UNK , etcetera , will affect its recreation value .
The fish , animals , and birds which may be found at the site are another interest .
UNK may be present at the site or provide hunting in nearby areas .
Those which tell a story of the earth's formation in each area can add UNK interest to the recreation sites .
-- How much will wind , rain , sun , and temperature affect the use ? ?
In this world-wide UNK of men , minds , and machines , Prokofieff was recalled to his native land .
Here , Prokofieff became a UNK in the UNK of UNK -- producing music for the masses .
One might have expected that such a violent UNK of transition would have destroyed the creative flair of a composer , especially one whose works were so UNK and spontaneous .
Certainly , it is the traditional clarity of his music which has UNK him to the Western World -- not his UNK .
When Stravinsky shaped his purpose to the shifting scenes of many cultures , many UNK , many UNK , many personalities , he tried to UNK himself into a UNK of many styles , determined by many UNK cultures .
With a large and UNK UNK technique , he UNK the materials of national heroes and events , national folklore and children's UNK tales -- UNK dances and love songs -- into a solid musical literature which served his people well , and is providing much enjoyment to the World at large .
UNK ; ;
television ; ;
That his UNK , even in his early years , are those of his people , does him honor , as his music honors those who inspired it .
Like many others , he had to work hard , long hours in a struggling family business which , though it was allied to art of a kind -- the design and production of UNK UNK -- bore no relation to the painting of pictures .
After more years of concentrated effort , Roy and his brother Max finally established a UNK family business at the old stand .
During all this time Roy continued to paint , first only on weekends , and then , as the family business permitted , for longer periods .
Except for a rich friendship with the painter , UNK UNK who gave him the only professional instruction he ever had -- and this was limited to a few lessons , though the two artists often went on painting trips together -- Roy developed his art by himself .
In following this general principle , Mason provides the observer with a natural eye UNK from UNK to background , and the illusion of depth is instantly created .
rather his pictures invite the observer to draw on his memory , his imagination , his nostalgia .
He was elected to the National Academy of UNK as an UNK in the oil class in 1931 ( after receiving his first UNK Fund UNK Prize at the Academy in 1930 ) , and elevated to UNK in 1940 .
Other UNK include the American UNK Society , Philadelphia Water UNK Club , Allied Artists of America , UNK Artists , Baltimore UNK Society .
They were better trained , better looking , better built , better disciplined and something else -- they were better dancers .
The Russians are all trained as dancers before they start to study gymnastics .
UNK thousand won top honors and a chance to try for the team itself .
If we wait until children are in junior high or high school , we will never manage it .
To be fit , one has to start early with young children , and today the only person who really reaches such children is the teacher of dance .
It should be installed over a door that is in full view of everyone , and a chair should be placed under it , a little to one side .
Those children who can chin themselves should be told to do one UNK each time they pass under it .
After this has become easy , use UNK and UNK rhythms , kicking higher and higher .
Start on the knees in a large circle .
As strength improves start in a standing position with legs wide apart and upper body bent forward .
UNK
He then UNK his seat into the air and the teacher guides it over .
We have noted how some electronic techniques , developed for the defense effort , have UNK been used in commerce and industry .
When we consider the electronic industry potential for human UNK , the prospect is staggering .
The author has recently studied the field of medical electronics and has been convinced that , in this area alone , the application of electronic equipment has enormous possibilities .
By combining the talents of a medical man , Dr. UNK , a UNK , Mr. UNK , and an electronics expert , Dr. UNK , this novel technique has been developed which promises to open broad UNK to understanding life processes .
This assembly also supplies a UNK switching gate for the electronics UNK .
At the University of Washington Medical School , the electronics group has developed the `` UNK UNK UNK '' shown in Fig. 3 .
UNK techniques
The latter measures the heat carried away by the UNK as an indication of the velocity of the blood flow .
A simplified version of the UNK for this procedure is shown in Fig. 2 .
Several years ago headlines were made by a small radio UNK UNK which could be swallowed by the patient and which would then radio internal pressure data to external UNK .
UNK life limited the use of this `` pill '' to about 8 to 30 hours maximum .
The energy received by the `` pill '' causes the UNK circuit to `` ring '' on after the burst and this `` ringing '' takes place at the UNK frequency of the `` pill '' .
UNK to organs other than the UNK tract are planned for future experiments .
He can UNK UNK of the UNK where conventional methods indicate blindness due to UNK .
UNK contributions were soon exhausted and the boys had to turn to a wider circle of the town's learned , such as the pastor , to supplement the simple teaching .
From the town UNK , Hans learned drawing and mathematics and , from a university student , some academic subjects .
UNK student days were at a time when Europe was in a new intellectual UNK following the revolutions in America and in France , Germany and Italy were rising from UNK UNK and a strong wave of intellectual awareness was sweeping the UNK .
Oersted joined Ritter at UNK and stayed with him for 3 weeks , continuing their correspondence after he left .
He assumed his academic career with the same intensity and UNK that had marked every step in his rise from UNK .
It was with the assistance of one of the members of this expedition , UNK UNK , that Oersted succeeded in producing light by creating an electric discharge in mercury vapor through which an electric current was made to flow .
In the late UNK UNK and Van UNK , among others , had UNK iron by sending an electrostatic charge through it .
At this lecture Oersted happened to place the conducting wire over and parallel to a magnetic needle .
In some instances , the trade name is shown in UNK following the chemical name .
UNK and dairy
Drug's chemical name :
UNK gains , improves feed efficiency , and UNK losses from bacterial UNK listed under `` How To UNK '' section .
How to feed : beef
For cows , feed providing an UNK of 0.1 UNK of UNK per pound of body weight daily aids in the reduction of bacterial diarrhea , in the prevention of foot rot , and in the reduction of losses due to respiratory infection ( infectious UNK -- shipping fever complex ) .
UNK .
-- UNK gram UNK per head daily ( 1 gram of UNK per head daily ) for promoting growth , feed conversion , bloom , and full feed earlier .
How to feed : beef cattle
-- 10 milligrams of UNK per head daily .
UNK UNK UNK
UNK :
UNK utilization of UNK corn ( less than UNK ) .
For continuous control , feed 1 part UNK to 9 parts minerals or UNK .
UNK UNK .
What it does :
What it does :
Not less than UNK but not more than UNK milligrams of UNK per pound of body weight .
There are three principal feed bunk types for dairy and beef cattle : ( 1 ) UNK bunks -- cattle eat from one side while feed is put in from the opposite side of the fence by UNK wagons ; ;
( 2 ) UNK bunks -- they sit within the feed lot , are filled by a mechanical UNK above feeding surface ; ;
Several materials or combinations of materials can be used to construct a satisfactory feed bunk .
This will be a problem in areas of heavy UNK .
UNK in the new decade will be no picnic -- for the sixties will present possibly the most intense competitive activity that you have experienced in the last UNK UNK .
UNK this kind of business climate , what competitive marketing problems will your company face in the next 10 UNK ? ?
UNK customer sophistication .
The change may require different products , UNK , packaging , UNK , UNK , advertising and executive attention -- practically every link in the marketing network may have to be adjusted .
In the area of private label competition , it is logical to expect a continuation of trends which have been under way during the first decade .
Moreover , the larger and more aggressive mass distribution outlets and chain stores have insisted on high quality -- and the customer seems to have caught on .
There may be possible economies at any one of a number of UNK in your marketing and distribution chain .
Do you have a program for UNK all these UNK regularly and carefully -- and with some imagination ? ?
In your sales force , will a smaller number of UNK , UNK salesmen serve you best , or can you make out better with a larger number of UNK salesmen ? ?
Have you evaluated the proper place of advertising and all phases of promotion in your total marketing program -- from the standpoint of effort , money , and effectiveness ? ?
Are there regular communications from the field , or meetings of sales and marketing personnel with R & D people ? ?
Does your company have a program for selecting and developing sales and marketing management personnel for the longer term ? ?
Many food and UNK companies are already on a highly planned basis .
If companies will take the time to give objective consideration to their major problems and to the questions they UNK , then a long constructive step will have been taken toward more effective marketing in next decade .
UNK complete cost estimates for clients approval .
And further he must understand his obligation to the client to not only meet his physical necessities but also to UNK and improve his life and to enlarge the cultural horizon of our society .
It is only fair to demand that teachers of courses in English , history , psychology and so on be as well informed in matters of art , especially interior design , as are the art teachers educated in the academic subjects .
One technical question of school organization comes to mind here .
Only the independent art schools , that is , those not connected with any university or college , receive severe and separate investigation before accreditation by the various regional organizations .
General
When improvements are recommended in working conditions -- such as lighting , rest rooms , eating facilities , UNK -- do you try to set a measure of their effectiveness on productivity ? ?
Have you UNK the UNK value of the company's share of insurance UNK ? ?
Are your expenses in this area UNK with the number of employees who benefit from your program ? ?
If you use company transportation to meet trains or to UNK visitors , would UNK be cheaper ? ?
Which is more economical for your plant -- a vacation UNK or spaced vacations that require extra employees for vacation UNK ? ?
Is an arbitrary retirement age of 65 actually UNK your plant money ? ?
Will your union accept UNK UNK in assigning work for older or disabled employees ? ?
Use UNK insurance wherever feasible .
And so UNK on the payroll can be eased out at the earliest possible age .
A UNK plan usually won't pay off for the worker until he UNK .
UNK each employee to work his last shift both before and after the holiday to be eligible for pay .
This has been the aim of the director of the shooting development program , the New York staff of the UNK Service Bureau , and the UNK shooting preserve field consultants since the start of the program in 1954 .
Considering that the current UNK potential is 23 million youths , the project and its message on hunting and shooting education have many more to reach .
UNK Hunter UNK were initially sponsored by affiliated members of the Allied UNK Corporation .
The first program was sponsored by UNK & UNK , UNK , New York , under the direction of Special UNK director UNK UNK .
The continuation and expansion of the shooting development program will assure to some degree that national and community leaders will be made aware of the UNK need for shooting facilities and activities for hunting and shooting in answer to public demand .
Consider the equipment needed to protect this many from the weather , to make their cooking easy and their sleeping comfortable .
Why they keep coming
Home is the place to find the UNK of home .
In the paragraphs that follow , we quote from 32 men who are identified on the final page .
This is not a mutually exclusive plan ; ;
In this organization , about half of the engineers with 15 or more years of employment are in supervision , engineering or elsewhere .
We have not yet succeeded in establishing recognition of technical specialization comparable to our higher levels of management , but I believe we will trend in this direction but not to exceed vice-president '' .
UNK job : research scientist
`` These recent steps do not offer the possibility of extension to the great number of senior engineers who have displayed technical competence .
Its president is UNK M. UNK , partner in the law firm of UNK & UNK , UNK UNK UNK , New York City .
Ritter is the builder of UNK Heights and president of UNK UNK , Inc. , UNK , N.Y. .
Rather the monthly total consumption was divided and charged on the basis of number of rooms and persons in the family .
It UNK the whole facility to a large oil company , at least large enough to have a strong credit position .
On this first venture the central storage is UNK UNK , in two tanks , or an average of 400 UNK for each of the 50 homes .
For example , the officials of UNK town ( UNK ) where the project is located think highly of it because it UNK their snow clearing problem .
Several financial institutions , both banks and insurance companies , have been sounded out .
But it's too early yet to go visit UNK Heights .
Don't save the UNK , even if it the expensive `` permanent '' type .
The UNK is important to get your engine up to operating temperature quickly , and to keep it running at its most efficient temperature through the proper circulation of the UNK .
Are you paying too much for your truck insurance ? ?
There's a good chance you are UNK on some coverage , not taking UNK coming to you and not cutting some corners that can be cut .
This means either cars or trucks .
the art of UNK in distortion was similarly UNK by the sign makers ; ;
There is much that many industries can continue to learn from some of the more recent developments described below .
A volume market
And it's far from the end for plastics .
Industry sources are now UNK that UNK of the signs made during the 1960's will be of plastic construction .
a UNK plastic sign UNK about UNK lb. , compared to UNK lb. for neon .
4 .
Among the newest fabrication methods to enter the display field are UNK styrene molding and blow molding .
Its clarity and good optical properties are other important factors .
UNK with UNK copy are returned to the sign shop so a new message can be applied .
UNK letters fill many needs
UNK your plumbing before you frame it in ( most economical framing is a thin UNK UNK on either side of the UNK ) .
UNK UNK and UNK up your furnace and your water heater before you wall them in .
Instead of closing the house in first ( as most builders do ) you can now cut your costs by not closing it in until you have to ( see p UNK ) .
UNK Clarence Thompson : `` We dealers must earn our UNK by performing a service for the builder cheaper than he could do it himself '' .
`` So from raw materials to finished UNK the costs of materials handling ( most of it inefficient ) add up to UNK of the total construction cost of housing '' .
`` It made our whole industry recognize the need for a new kind of UNK between manufacturer , carrier , equipment maker , dealer , and builder , all working together to cut the cost of materials handling .
UNK UNK James Wright : `` Since 1958 carriers that move material from the yard to the job site have undergone more radical changes than any of the UNK other equipment '' .
Even `` America's most efficient builder '' , Bob UNK of UNK , hopes to cut his labor costs another UNK per house as a result of the UNK studies now being completed on his operation by industrial efficiency engineers from the Stanley Works .
A UNK builder cut his labor costs per thousand UNK from UNK to UNK by adopting this same process , cut them another UNK to UNK by buying his UNK in convenient , UNK UNK UNK .
The champagne at UNK , the traditional capital of the champagne country , has more UNK taste somehow than it has at a sidewalk cafe on the UNK de UNK UNK or at UNK UNK .
UNK fees are variable , too , throughout the countries of Europe .
Quite naturally , there is a greater availability of those models which are manufactured within a specific country .
In the majority of countries , however , the rates range from UNK to UNK a day for the smaller UNK and graduate up to UNK and UNK a day for the larger , luxury European models , with the rate per kilometer driven starting at UNK and going up as high as UNK .
The same model car might be available in six or eight countries , yet not two countries will have the same rate either for the daily rate or rate per kilometer driven .
It isn't as expensive as most people believe it to be .
Since most European cars average more miles per UNK of gasoline than American cars , it naturally follows that the cost per kilometer for these models will be less , but the greater UNK capacity of the large American cars will UNK this , provided your group is sufficiently large to fill a UNK UNK .
Of course , if you want to throw all caution to the winds and rent an UNK or Cadillac UNK just for you and your bride , you'll have a memorable tour , but it won't be cheap , and it is not recommended unless you own a producing oil well or you've had a UNK in the Irish UNK .
In American romance , almost nothing rates higher than what the movie men have called `` meeting UNK '' -- that is , UNK seems more UNK if it doesn't take place in an atmosphere of correct and acute boredom .
And the UNK , UNK voice of UNK , though fairly overt , was still well within the prescribed UNK of their culture .
In a general way , UNK were able to establish on a wide basis what many of them had always felt -- that the most telling UNK in UNK are UNK , that such things as stress and nagging are transmitted by sound alone and not necessarily by words .
In one UNK first interview , for example , the UNK ( UNK from the book , The First Five UNK ) goes like this : The UNK level tone is UNK and neutral -- he has , for example , avoided UNK `` you '' , which would imply disapproval ; ;
By saying `` another emotional death '' , she reveals that there has been a previous one , although she has not described it in words .
When someone says , for example , `` They took UNK to see that there was nothing wrong with me '' , it pays to consider how this statement would normally be made .
She was just another UNK from the States , and she seemed as commonplace as her name .
No one else must know .
It was the night of December 2 , 1943 , and it was growing dark in Bari .
They're just waiting for the proper time to come over here and UNK this place into the UNK '' .
Telephone communication was bad .
It had been made UNK evident that very morning to UNK Kay K. UNK , in charge of the armed guard aboard the John UNK .
Then he was to UNK his fire with a UNK shore gun firing white UNK .
Like hell he'd wait -- and UNK the UNK gun got knocked out ? ?
Below UNK , UNK UNK Stanley Bishop had begun to write a letter home .
UNK UNK James L. UNK and UNK Walter Brooks had been the first to leave .
The other half of the crew , plus UNK and his men , had remained aboard .
UNK if that wasn't a sailing ship standing out of the old harbor -- UNK Vecchio .
It was a clear night and it was UNK ! !
After the first two were UNK out , the third light was abandoned by a terrified Italian crew , who left their light to UNK for nine minutes like an UNK UNK UNK until British UNK shot it out .
There is a pause in the UNK as your friends gaze at you , wondering why you are staring , UNK in amazement .
You explain , `` I have the UNK feeling of having lived through this very same event before .
Occasionally there are examples of UNK which cannot be pushed aside without UNK an UNK attitude .
The basic mystery of dreams , which UNK all the others and UNK us from even the most common typical dream , is in the fact that they are original , visual UNK .
For instance , the UNK sees himself seated behind neighbor Smith and , with photographic realism , sees Smith driving the car ; ;
UNK that display events of the future with photographic detail call for a theory explaining their basic mystery and all its components , including that weird feeling of deja vue , inevitably fantastic though that theory must seem .
It is not through space nor time that the time machine most approved by science fiction must travel for a visit to the permanent UNK past , or the UNK UNK future .
We may conclude that all six points of information , UNK given by the dream priest , could have been furnished by Dr. UNK UNK reasoning .
When served in a psychological atmosphere that allows young bodies to UNK the greatest good from what they eat because they are free from tension , a foundation is laid for a high level of health that UNK the children from physical UNK to participate with enjoyment in the work assignments , the athletic programs and the most important phase , the educational opportunities .
To him this means caring for the whole child , providing basic UNK , and a spiritual attitude that UNK freedom for the development of the mind .
By 1952 he was convinced he would no longer spray .
UNK UNK were kept in the kitchen for coffee grounds and egg shells .
The garden supplies enough UNK , UNK , UNK , potatoes , UNK , UNK and UNK to store for winter meals in the root cellar .
The first major change was that of providing UNK bread instead of white bread .
It is well liked by the children and faculty .
There is one problem with the bread .
`` UNK bread is so good and everything tastes so much better here that it is hard not to eat too much '' , said the secretary UNK UNK her extra pounds .
UNK are served UNK .
Sometimes UNK wheat is added to bread and causes the children to remark , `` UNK , did you put nuts in the bread today '' ? ?
The school raises enough poultry , UNK , and beef cattle for most of their needs .
UNK are kept on the range and UNK are kept with them for their fertility .
For UNK , UNK and UNK are each served once a week .
UNK and UNK are UNK from Florida weekly from an organic farm .
To solve the problem of the wheat grains UNK on the floor and getting UNK , a ball of UNK UNK boiled to candy consistency was invented to hold the grains .
UNK UNK is made by the children in the woods on the school grounds .
The cost to feed one person is just under one dollar a day .
A vigorous program existed in skiing , UNK sports and overnight UNK .
The UNK of a shattered UNK River bridge lay UNK for half a mile UNK .
UNK of near UNK proportions had fallen for three full days and it was still UNK on the morning of Friday , November 4 , 1927 , when officials of the Post Office Department's UNK UNK Service realized that their distribution system for Vermont had been almost totally destroyed overnight .
The nearest UNK end of track from Boston was at Concord , N. H. .
There was no such thing as an airport in Vermont .
Though the makeshift UNK were ready , the York State Guard UNK proved unable to keep any kind of mail schedule .
In Concord , Bob Fogg was the most prominent New Hampshire boy with wings .
UNK to UNK by Secretary Herbert Hoover , Red Cross UNK UNK UNK had been killed , and his pilot , Lt. Franklin Wolfe , badly injured .
Shaw could also give the UNK a pretty good idea of area UNK by a visual check of the mountains to be seen from his station .
Out at the airport each morning , UNK skilled UNK UNK UNK would have the UNK warmed up and running in the UNK UNK .
When driving rain or mist UNK in one valley , Fogg would UNK up and over to reverse course and try another one , ranging from the UNK up to UNK in search of safe passage through the mountain passes .
The dependable Wright engine was never stopped on these trips .
It UNK over smoothly , UNK while Fogg exchanged UNK with the armed messenger from Burlington at Fort UNK Allen , and one from UNK and UNK at the St. John field .
Bob Fogg didn't have today's advantages of UNK UNK and UNK Control UNK systems .
UNK in the snow showed the plane was airborne in less than a hundred feet .
How did I get to be UNK so fast ? ?
Suddenly , one day , up it UNK ! !
It is the way you were taught and your way of life .
All this is standard equipment for a man of your day ; ;
You realize you are getting in the old UNK class .
The answer is a new era .
UNK become very popular .
Some have lovely homes -- some live in small apartments .
Well , whatever you have , that's it ! !
The question is `` How are you going to live with it '' ? ?
It seems to me , the first thing you've got to do , to be happy , is to face up to your problems , no matter what they may be .
One thing , I am sure of , you must get an interest in life .
Then again , there's always that lovely old UNK of UNK or UNK UNK .
I can look at furniture in one spot year in and year out and really feel for sure that's where it belongs .
Don't be discouraged ! !
When we turn to UNK UNK we find him helpful as usual .
`` To be creative is to have the ability to cause to exist -- to produce where nothing was before -- to bring forth an original production of human intelligence or power '' .
While man shares this UNK function with all his UNK in the UNK process , he is the only animal with a true UNK and conscious creative ability .
This gives him the power to form in his mind new image combinations of old memories , ideas and experiences and to project them outside of himself into his environment in new and UNK forms .
By this same combination of the will and the imagination , each one of us can learn to UNK permanently the kind of character we would like to be .
The UNK should come at the next stopping place when they have a long private time ( day or night ) for that purpose .
The hymen is , in essence , a fragile UNK that more or less completely covers the entrance to the vagina in most female human beings who have not had sex relations .
Often it is thin and fragile and gives way readily to the male organ at the first attempt at intercourse .
UNK cases are on record in which the doctor has had to use instruments to cut through the hymen to permit marital relations to be UNK .
These cases , for all their UNK , are so dramatic that friends and relations repeat the story until the general population may get an entirely false notion of how often the hymen is a serious problem to UNK .
In recent times , when sexual matters began to be discussed more UNK and more openly , the emotional aspects of UNK received considerable attention .
Is it necessary to add to the other tensions the hazard of making the loving husband the one who brought pain to his bride ? ?
The intricate system of muscles that manage the contraction and UNK of the vagina are partly under voluntary control .
In this process the vaginal muscles come under better conscious control by the girl .
Special information and guidance about the possible difficulties are still of great value .
UNK observations by UNK during vaginal examinations have established the fact that a single finger inserted along the UNK wall ( the top line of the vagina as the woman lies on her back ) may cause a great deal of distress in a virgin .
Now while he uses talk , UNK or requires UNK from her , his bride will UNK understand the situation and eagerly help him restore his physical situation so they can have the UNK they both so eagerly desire .
It is only natural that she assert herself in the sexual role .
It can , in fact , wreck a marriage .
On the other hand , UNK UNK UNK the husband , UNK his UNK , and UNK him of his UNK .
To please her , her husband assumed some of the domestic chores .
Generally , however , in such marriages as those cited , the husband is at his wife's mercy .
When was the turning point ? ?
UNK everyone agrees , however , that the trend toward female sexual UNK was tremendously accelerated with the postwar rush to the suburbs .
She found she could cope with all kinds of problems for which she was once considered too helpless .
A woman who dominates other family affairs will dominate the sexual relationship as well '' .
One such wife , Dr. Linden says , became disgusted with her weak husband and UNK through a series of UNK affairs in the hope of finding a stronger man .
Houston police gave her a third , less UNK , title , UNK .
And Houston police have the final say in the matter since she died there on September 20 , 1960 , `` Diane Harris Graham , 30 , UNK , circumstances -- unusual '' .
`` In 1951 she was a UNK in New York County .
She UNK in order to get it .
I never gave that boy a cent .
She UNK up with another beauty , whose name has been lost to history , and UNK with some UNK that would have made UNK UNK .
`` There had been a UNK at the party in the UNK bedroom : Miss Harrington ( this was UNK choice for a Roman name ) , another woman who has figured in other very interesting events and one of your well-known American actors .
She thought royal status might come her way when , while she was still in Rome , she met Pulley Bey , a personal UNK to King UNK of Egypt .
Pulley had set her up at the UNK Hotel , but she grew impatient waiting for a royal reception and moved to a UNK apartment to which the royal UNK had no key .
It is a tribute to her talents that she was able to talk the District Attorney into having her removed from the prison to a hotel room , with her meals taken at UNK , an excellent Italian restaurant .
When he realized she was dead , he called two lawyers and then the police .
Police UNK that a combination of UNK , drink and drugs killed her .
As he applied the UNK extending from the machine -- which consisted of seven differently colored neon tubes superimposed on a UNK base -- to the supposedly UNK portions of Mrs. UNK body , Lee kept up a steady stream of UNK UNK .
`` You have it , all right .
He urged her to buy one of his machines -- for $300 .
He then sold her some UNK that he asserted would take care of the tumors and UNK until she could collect the money for buying his machine .
An isolated case of UNK ? ?
Rather , it is typical of the thousands of quacks who use phony therapeutic devices to UNK themselves on the UNK of hundreds of thousands of Americans by UNK them of millions of dollars and UNK them away from legitimate , ethical medical treatment of serious diseases .
With these gadgets -- impressive to the UNK because of their flashing light UNK , UNK , and UNK -- he then carries out a vicious medical UNK game , UNK on people's respect for the electrical and atomic wonders of our scientific age .
That's why the UNK , the American Medical Association ( UNK ) , and the National Better Business Bureau ( UNK ) have estimated the toll of mechanical UNK to be a substantial portion of the UNK million or so paid to medical UNK annually .
Sarah Gross found that the treatments given her for a nervous UNK by the UNK were not helping her .
As a result , she consulted medical authorities and learned that the devices her quack `` doctor '' was using were phony .
And there was the case of Tom UNK , a UNK , who was referred by a friend to a health machine quack who treated him with a so-called diagnostic machine for what Doctor UNK said was a system full of UNK and UNK .
His UNK : hot and cold UNK to increase her absorption of water .
By no means are these isolated cases .
UNK UNK F. UNK , director of the UNK Division of Public Information : `` UNK are apt to direct their appeal directly to older people , or to UNK from chronic UNK such as UNK , UNK , UNK , and cancer .
The victims of the quacks are frequently poor people , like Mr. A. , who UNK up their life savings to offer as a sacrifice to Doctor UNK UNK .
UNK Richard Stewart had been UNK and UNK for almost a year .
UNK , or a bad fit , is what parents need to look out for .
A child probably requires some form of treatment if he has any of the following conditions :
The UNK ( third from the middle on top , counting each front tooth as the first ) beginning to UNK like UNK .
If baby teeth are retained too long , the UNK second teeth may be prevented from emerging at the normal time or may have to UNK in the wrong place .
Yet from the UNK point of view , UNK teeth should be corrected for physical reasons .
The failure of teeth to fit together when closed UNK with normal chewing , so that a child may swallow food whole and put a burden on his UNK system .
Because of these chewing troubles , a child may avoid certain foods he needs for adequate UNK .
The when and how of UNK
`` most orthodontic work is done on children between the ages of 10 and 14 , though there have been patients as young as two and as old as 55 '' , says Dr. Brodie .
What can UNK Susan expect when she enters the UNK office ? ?
As the tooth moves , bone cells on the pressure side of it will dissolve , and new ones will form on the side from which the tooth has moved .
During these visits the dentist will adjust the UNK to increase the pressure on her teeth .
The charge for a complete UNK job differs in various parts of the country .
Research helps families
The possibility has to be ruled out that the UNK UNK may tap the memory of the sitter , and to do this , the two central characters in this drama must be separated .
As always , a tape recording or detailed notes are made , and a UNK of this is sent to the absent sitter .
If you look at a reading meant for someone else , you will probably see that many of the items could be considered as applicable to you , even when you were not in the picture at all ! !
`` A journey '' , `` a little white house '' , `` a change of outlook '' , can apply to many people .
The sensitive often seems to smell definite UNK , too , or subjectively feels emotions .
UNK using it increases its intensity , I was told by one sensitive .
UNK must be tended every day , UNK .
UNK may fall far below expectations .
UNK , UNK , disease , and insects take their toll of crops .
For some retired persons , part-time farming is a good way to supplement retirement income .
Specific requirements for each of various types of enterprises are discussed on pages 8 to 14 .
Three quarters to 1 acre of good land is enough for raising fruits and vegetables for home use , and for a small flock of chickens , a cow , and two UNK .
You could not , of course , raise feed for the livestock on a plot this small .
The cost of land and the prospects for appreciation in value may influence your decision .
Some part-time farmers buy more land than they need in anticipation of suburban development .
Labor
You will probably want to hire someone to do the plowing , however .
You can keep your machinery investment down by buying good UNK machinery , by sharing the cost and UNK of machinery with a neighbor , and by UNK someone with machinery to do certain jobs .
UNK a farm
UNK
Obviously the farm should be on an UNK road .
--
Is the land suited to the crops you intend to raise ? ?
How much will it cost to do any necessary UNK and UNK ? ?
If the house is not wired adequately for electricity or if plumbing or a central heating system must be installed , check into the cost of making these improvements .
Take into account the difference in city and county taxes , insurance rates , utility rates , and the cost of travel to work .
To do this , set up a plan on paper for operating the farm .
Public relations UNK everywhere , watching the reaction of the German press , the liberal press , the UNK press , listening to their neighbors , studying interviews with men and women on the street , cried out : Too much , too much -- the mind of the audience is becoming UNK , the UNK are losing their effect .
Those who feared `` UNK '' at the Trial showed less understanding than Dr. UNK of the route by which man UNK the distance necessary for fairness toward enemies .
Not in UNK anti-Semitism but in the anti-Semitism of the sober German man of affairs lay the potential warning of the Trial .
It is already difficult to recall how little we knew before the Trial of what had been done to the Jews of Europe .
It is not that the facts of the persecution were unavailable ; ;
In UNK , N.Y. , , in 1952 , a Roman Catholic hospital presented seven Protestant UNK with an UNK to quit the UNK UNK Federation or to UNK from the hospital staff .
The first step toward the goal is the establishment of a new atmosphere of mutual good will and friendly communication on other than the UNK level .
Instead of emotional UNK , loaded phrases and UNK , we need a UNK study of the facts , a better understanding of the opposite viewpoint and a more serious effort to extend the areas of agreement until a solution is reached .
Catholics , Protestants and Jews are in agreement over the objectives of family planning , but disagree over the methods to be used .
The Roman Catholic UNK tradition UNK as UNK that the primary objective purpose of the UNK act is UNK and that the UNK of the mutual love of the UNK is the secondary and subjective end .
This conclusion is based on two UNK : that man by the use of his reason can ascertain God's purpose in the universe and that God makes known His purpose by certain `` given '' physical arrangements .
UNK that God is the UNK of this law and of all laws of nature , Roman Catholics believe that they are obliged to obey those laws , not UNK or UNK them .
It is always a temptation for a religious organization , especially a powerful or dominant one , to impose through the UNK fist of the law its UNK viewpoint upon others .
With the return of our soldiers , it soon became apparent that the belief was not shared by the great majority of citizens .
UNK the view that the sexual union is an end in itself , the Conference declared : `` We UNK uphold what must always be regarded as the governing considerations of Christian marriage .
The man who now commanded her had started the voyage as an ordinary UNK .
For hundreds of years , the evidence available consisted of ( 1 ) the captain's fragmentary journal , ( 2 ) a highly UNK account by one of the survivors , ( 3 ) a note found in a dead man's desk on board , and ( 4 ) several UNK reports .
In UNK , George UNK , in the same little Discovery that Hudson now commanded , had sailed 300 miles up the UNK before his frightened men turned the ship back .
On the second voyage , he had turned back at the frozen island of UNK UNK and UNK given the crew a UNK stating that he did so of his own free will -- which was obviously not the case .
UNK hung over the route constantly .
A group of sailors announced to Hudson that they would sail no farther .
One man remarked that if he had a hundred pounds , he would give ninety of them to be back in England .
The ship halted .
This was the bitter end , and Hudson seemed to know he was destined to failure .
UNK on Bible , UNK UNK and UNK UNK swore that Juet had tried to persuade them to keep UNK and UNK in their cabins .
Just as it was being hauled UNK , a sea hit the ship .
Having achieved this end , he was able to buy UNK square miles in the UNK of the Red and UNK rivers .
Selkirk persuaded eighty men and four officers to go to Red River where they were to serve as a military force to protect his settlers from the hostile Northwest Company which UNK the UNK of farmers into the fur UNK empire .
For many years the Northwest Company had its southern headquarters at Prairie Du Chien on the Mississippi River , some 300 miles southeast of present-day St. Paul , Minnesota .
When in UNK an act of Congress forced the foreign firm out of the United States , its UNK employees , now become American citizens -- Joseph UNK , Joseph UNK and UNK UNK -- continued in the fur business .
They were held together by UNK and UNK and in later times drawn by a single UNK in UNK .
During the trip Selkirk decided that the route through Illinois territory to Indiana and the eastern United States was the best route for goods from England to reach Red River and that the United States was a better source of supply for many goods than either Canada or England .
''
UNK seed and food became more plentiful and the colony remained in the north the year round .
UNK , after leaving Fort UNK in August UNK , was forced to leave some of the cattle at the Hudson's Bay Company's post on Lake UNK `` in the UNK Country '' and reached Fort Garry , as the Selkirk Hudson's Bay Company center was now called , late in the fall .
In April came a rapid thaw that produced high waters which did not UNK until UNK .
By fall , UNK survivors of this UNK journey were UNK about Fort UNK , but most of them were sent on to UNK and St. Louis , with a few going as far as UNK , Indiana , a notable Swiss center in the United States .
In UNK , UNK Red River people with more than 200 cattle were living on the reservation at Fort UNK .
Below the fort , high UNK extended UNK for six miles along the Mississippi River .
A third wrote that it was `` UNK like UNK peas on a UNK '' .
She is UNK and refined , all UNK and fur , and Union from the muzzle to the UNK '' .
UNK found many modes of expression .
William R. UNK , an admirable UNK whose delightful correspondence is preserved in the Georgia Department of UNK and History , liked to tease his wife in his letters .
Men of more delicate sensibilities referred to this condition as `` UNK of the UNK '' ; ;
I eat too much eggs and UNK .
The letters which poured forth from camps were usually written under adverse circumstances .
A UNK UNK near UNK informed his mother : `` I need not tell you that I UNK pretty often for you can see that very plainly by the UNK in this letter .
Some of the letters were UNK expressive .
Some of the UNK remarks made by soldiers in their letters were in UNK of unpopular officers .
On December 9 , UNK , Sergeant Edwin H. UNK , an unusual UNK who held UNK and UNK degrees from Harvard University and who before the war was UNK of a private school for boys in Louisiana , wrote his wife : `` I saw UNK and he is the most UNK UNK I ever saw .
His head cannot contain enough sense to command a regiment , much less a corps .
In America , such UNK has served a particularly useful purpose .
In its UNK and commercial haste to discover our folk heritage , the public has remained ignorant of UNK such as this .
That much of what he calls folklore is the result of beliefs carefully UNK among the people with the conscious aim of producing a desired mass emotional reaction to a particular situation or set of situations is irrelevant .
UNK , UNK , historians and such by profession , they approach their discipline as UNK , collectors , commercial UNK , UNK or some combination of the four .
The amateur is closely related to the collector , who is actually no more than the amateur who has taken to the field .
The collector enjoys the contact with rural life ; ;
and only rarely is he UNK concerned with the meaning of what he has located .
The commercial UNK , who can't afford to be critical , gets along well with the amateur , from whom he feeds , but he frequently steps on the UNK toes by refusing to keep his material genuine .
To both the amateur and the commercial UNK the analyst UNK a soul , UNK appreciation with his endless UNK and UNK .
And so well is such ignorance preserved by the amateur and the UNK that even at the college level most of the UNK folklore courses given in the United States survive on sentiment and nationalism alone .
Does the writer know the difference between an `` UNK '' UNK or tall tale and a true product of the folk ? ?
In the second place , a large number of writers , making a more direct claim than UNK to being `` folk writers '' of one sort or another , clearly make no distinctions between genuine and UNK material .
He then got a job with the Chicago UNK as a circulation UNK , a rough fighter employed to see that his UNK news UNK were not UNK upon by rival UNK .
The guest list is in itself a little UNK of the state of American civic life at this time .
Hughes said that he had understood the party was to be in UNK of Jerry UNK , the UNK of a UNK gambling house .
In the past year there had been too many examples of his UNK UNK and UNK for their liking .
They were disturbed by his UNK UNK -- as , when his UNK , Yankee UNK , complained that he had been UNK by Dave Miller , a UNK UNK , UNK of a Jewish gang and one of four brothers of tough reputation , who were UNK , a UNK in loose UNK league with Torrio and O'Banion , Frank , a policeman , and Max , the youngest .
O'Banion's reaction was : `` Three hundred dollars ! !
But in the meantime the UNK , unhappy with this solution , telephoned Torrio and returned to O'Banion with the message : `` Say , UNK , I just been talking to Johnny , and he said to let them cops have the three hundred .
When , as a diplomatic gesture of UNK and in payment for the loan of UNK in the April election , Torrio had given O'Banion a slice of UNK , the profits from that district had been $20,000 a month .
its waves persisted for a week and were felt as far away as the English coast .
In UNK an earthquake in Japan generated waves so huge that they piled into the UNK Sea ; ;
While a wind wave never UNK at more than 60 miles per hour , the velocity of a tsunami in the open sea must be UNK in hundreds of miles per hour .
A tsunami is not a single wave but a series .
On some of the UNK beaches the waves came in gently ; ;
In UNK Bay they were from 21 to 26 feet high .
The warning system immediately went into action .
The key to the world of UNK is change ; ;
and everywhere can be found scars of earlier breaks once deeply buried .
We have also developed techniques for UNK and locating underground nuclear tests through the waves in the ground which they generate .
The restless earth and its interior
Chandler understood this and expected the worst .
But his first few days with Troop H were full of UNK , beginning with First Sergeant Robert Early .
He not only knew UNK , but mathematics , history and literature as well .
For example , it was a UNK of the 7th Cavalry under Colonel George Armstrong UNK that had been wiped out at the Battle of The Little Big Horn .
The UNK knew an attack was coming , but they didn't know when , and they didn't know where .
Then it came , against Troop Aj .
They came in waves .
He assembled a group of 25 men , composed of wounded UNK awaiting UNK , the company clerk , supply men , UNK and drivers , and led them to the hill .
But an enemy UNK hit Carroll in the head and UNK simultaneously .
But the bullets UNK home before he finished his battle cry and Marvin Goulding fell dead .
UNK and air strikes were called in to kill them by the hundreds .
Although it was at the Battle of The Little Horn , about which more words have been written than any other battle in American history , that the 7th Cavalry first made its mark in history , the regiment was ten years old by then .
and in particular -- since this is our special responsibility -- that these conditions be enjoyed by the people of the United States .
I submit that this is the key problem of international relations , that it always has been , that it always will be .
the other , for the most part , true .
and even then , it is a concept that can be highly misleading .
The evidence suggests that foreign peoples believe the United States is weaker than the Soviet Union , and is bound to fall still further behind in the years ahead .
Today Northern UNK is UNK Communist ; ;
Laos is UNK between Communism and UNK UNK ; ;
Indonesia , in the early days of the Republic , leaned toward the West .
A short time ago all Africa was a Western preserve .
In some countries the trend has gone further than others : Mexico , UNK , and UNK are UNK open sympathy for UNK , and there is no country -- save the Dominican Republic whose funeral services we recently arranged -- where UNK and UNK does not prevent the government from UNK UNK the American cause .
To my room ? ?
UNK UNK the moon
By UNK the answer was plain .
I saw holes in planes at the airport and in cars in the streets .
They look after their fields and children and water UNK in ten or eleven thousand villages , with an average of 200 souls .
What matters here is family loyalty ; ;
faith in the Buddha and staying at peace with the UNK , the spirits ; ;
He spoke of the season of UNK and dust , brought by the UNK from the UNK , in harmony with the season of rain and mud , brought by the UNK from the UNK .
We flew in UNK planes so UNK that we wondered why they didn't crash .
`` We '' were Bill UNK of the National UNK UNK Staff , whose three cameras and eight UNK made him look as formidable as any fighting man we met ; ;
But he had never seen the mountainous half of his native land north of UNK , including the royal capital , UNK UNK .
Although we enjoyed our rounds of the government offices in UNK , with officials offering tea and pleasing conversation in French , we were getting nowhere .
More bouncing , another stop , a new house for teachers , a new well .
`` We ask the people what they want , and they supply the labor .
The soldiers are fighting and the Americans are helping , he said , but in the fight against the Pathet Lao the key factor is the UNK himself .
We did it for three days .
When asked how this was different from being a good Protestant , the boy answered , `` It's the same thing '' .
Nevertheless , most of the teen-agers I interviewed believed in maintaining their Jewish identity and even UNK joining a UNK or temple .
However , they were hostile to Jewish UNK , UNK to believe in UNK `` but in a moderate way '' .
The older UNK
The percentage of Jewish girls who attend college is almost as high as that of boys .
UNK , in a UNK class Jewish family , a son will be sent to an out-of-town school , if financial resources warrant it , while the daughter will attend the local college .
`` It's people of your own kind '' , a girl remarked .
It is significant that the UNK , which used to be the summer UNK for older teen-agers , a kind of summer suburb of New York , no longer UNK them in great numbers -- except for those who work there as UNK , bus boys , or UNK in the day camps .
Brooklyn College is UNK UNK territory , as much as the Bronx or Central Park West .
There are UNK of UNK young women there who , UNK by their impatient mothers , are determined to marry .
This could also be used for any other skin irritation .
`` UNK troubles '' of various kinds do not seem to have been common on the frontier ; ;
One family bound wounds with bacon or salt pork strips , or , if these were not handy , plain UNK .
UNK were UNK or prevented by `` UNK '' which the pioneer wore or carried .
In UNK there were known to be twenty-two in UNK County , and one had been in the family for 200 years .
While nowadays we recognize the fact that there are many causes for bleeding at the nose , not long ago a UNK was simply that , and treatment had little variation .
Or the victim could UNK hard on a piece of paper , meanwhile pressing his fingers tight in his ears .
This was used also for bruises .
UNK were UNK by UNK , an old drug , used in combinations .
Six treatments UNK one case which lasted a month and had UNK other UNK .
Another frequent pioneer difficulty , caused by wearing rough and heavy shoes and boots , was UNK .
Another was to UNK raw beef in vinegar for twenty-four hours , tie it on the wart , and wear it for a week .
Another common method was to cut an onion in two and place each half on the wart for a moment ; ;
In instances where both of these are persons or firms with integrity , the situation is ideal .
There is nothing UNK dig about a good blend from a good UNK .
Too much UNK in the cellar UNK the UNK , again with ill effects .
consequently , one's wine closet or cellar should be away from machines or UNK driven UNK .
To quote Professor UNK : `` The last glass of UNK or UNK is as good as the first ; ;
In France , when one wishes to entertain at a restaurant and serve truly fine old red wines , one visits the restaurant well ahead of time , UNK the wines and , with the advice of the manager and his chef , UNK the UNK around them .
If sold then , the land and improvements might bring only UNK .
When he heard of his UNK anger , Palfrey was still hopeful that they could be persuaded to accept his notion of paying wages .
If Palfrey ever had any doubts about the UNK of slavery , they were put aside after he received an inventory of the slave property he had inherited .
This cold UNK of human worth in a legal paper , UNK of UNK or humanity , was all he needed .
Old UNK UNK years had reduced his value to UNK ; ;
Palfrey's brothers each received lots of sixteen Negroes , and for UNK purposes it was agreed that all lots were to be valued at UNK .
She agreed to take charge of five or six of the Negroes should Palfrey decide to send them north immediately .
the slaves were to remain as wage laborers for his account .
Giffen suggested fifty dollars as fair compensation for a year's work ; ;
After an initial rejection , which he attributed to a `` general UNK against UNK and Emancipation '' , Giffen UNK the right individuals on the jury , and got the permission without further delay .
Mrs. UNK , true to her word , helped place Anna and her four children with a Quaker family named UNK near UNK , New York .
UNK UNK UNK has returned to the capital with a collection of paintings that include UNK , UNK , UNK , Van UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK , Picasso , and UNK UNK .
But even while UNK furiously with Republican politicians , he displays a deep and UNK UNK for anyone with cultural UNK .
A valuable UNK UNK drawing of Benjamin Franklin by UNK UNK has been donated by the art dealer UNK UNK and now UNK in the Blue Room .
And part of a fabulous collection of UNK UNK , UNK to the White House by the late Mrs. Margaret Thompson UNK , has been taken out of its locked cases and put on display in the State dining room .
Then he called in his friend Walton and turned over the problem to him , with instructions to work out what was best -- provided it didn't pile unnecessary UNK on the President .
The situation involved some political UNK .
And these UNK UNK are not UNK today .
The struggle was resolved in 1819 in the Supreme Court in one of the most UNK cases in our judicial history .
The cook got drunk , and President UNK proved to be a man of broad talents by UNK the UNK himself .
He transformed Dartmouth from a small New Hampshire institution into a national college .
She had no way of knowing in advance whether an opportunity for murder existed .
The New UNK UNK has reported UNK as saying , long after the trial , that if he only knew what Borden said during his conversation with Morse , he would have convicted `` somebody '' .
He said he would have convicted `` somebody '' .
He said he returned from the visit to his niece on the UNK streetcar .
The woman in the house where the niece was staying backed up his story and said she left when he did to shop for her dinner .
Police did make an attempt to check on UNK alibi .
UNK further , Morse said that there had been four or five priests riding on the same car with him .
She said it was after she returned from her UNK spell in the back yard that Mrs. Borden told her to wash the windows .
He knew the house fairly well , he had been there on two previous visits during the past three or four months alone .
And despite UNK attempts to show that the house was locked up UNK than a drum , this was not true .
Mrs. Borden would not have been UNK if she saw Morse with an UNK or UNK in his hand .
Mrs. Borden would have had no reason to UNK him and he could have approached close enough to her to swing before she could cry out .
There was no close examination of his clothes for UNK , and certainly no scientific test was made of them .
They have not been friendly for years '' .
He said he had not heard of anybody else .
I inquired .
True , it is no longer UNK for the UNK to be the killer in mystery fiction , but we are dealing here with actual people in real life and not imaginary characters and situations .
There is clear evidence that Lucy from childhood had an unusual mind .
A picture of her in high school comes from a younger UNK , Albert S. UNK , friend of her brother Winslow , and later , like Winslow , a noted UNK .
When her brother Winslow became a student at Brown University in UNK , she wrote him about a course in history he was taking under Professor UNK : `` What is UNK UNK definition of civilization , and take the world through , is its progress ever UNK , or does it UNK at times ? ?
'' And that she proceeded to do .
UNK came next '' .
As a matter of fact , Albert S. UNK expressed his conviction that `` her physical strength , her mental power , her lively interest in all objects about her and her readiness to serve her fellow beings '' would have led her `` to a distinguished career UNK the noted women of this country '' .
They were not sufficiently challenging however , and she resigned in UNK , to go to Germany with her brother Winslow and his family while he was there on study .
Here was a cause she believed in .
Her students have spoken of the UNK standards of scholarship and of manners and conduct she expected and achieved from the students ; ;
of `` her UNK of dress '' , `` her UNK voice that went straight to the hearts of the UNK '' ; ;
Rockefeller and Packard UNK had been UNK ; ;
she died on August sixth .
UNK and energetic , cheerful and calm , she too was a power in the development of the UNK .
Miss Giles always used to refer to her as `` UNK '' .
He receives UNK for his work .
But in the next decades the nation needs to educate for the UNK all the potential professional talent .
UNK far more can be done in the lower grades in this regard in the Negro schools .
This is a problem to which leaders of opinion , both Negro and white , should devote far more attention .
This last point is important because if high school pupils are aware that few , if any , graduates who have chosen a certain vocational program have obtained a job as a consequence of the training , the whole idea of relevance UNK .
In my view , there should be a school which offers significant vocational programs for boys within easy reach of every family in a city .
I discovered in the course of a visit there that almost all the pupils were Negroes .
In the United States , where half of the world crop is grown , UNK are processed for their UNK oil .
We produce UNK oil , but to a much greater extent we eat the entire seed .
UNK grains , UNK with UNK or dry UNK peas or beans , comprise about two-thirds or UNK of the diet in parts of Asia and Africa .
More than half of the UNK and barley seeds we produce and most of the UNK of the milling of UNK and the crushing of UNK are fed to livestock .
UNK oil UNK the surfaces of steel sheets before they are UNK with tin .
UNK is used in the paper , textile , and UNK industries and in a UNK of other manufacturing operations .
UNK UNK are used in foods and drugs and in the manufacture of UNK and paper as UNK , UNK , or UNK agents .
The oil palm of West Africa yields UNK oil from both the flesh and the seed or UNK of its fruit .
UNK UNK and mustard UNK still are used by some persons .
UNK seed , which comes from the tall UNK of a plant grown in Egypt , UNK , and Central America , has a UNK flavor and can be used in almost any dish calling for UNK .
The farm value of seeds produced in this country for all purposes , including the UNK , is nearly 10 billion dollars a year .
That became their `` home range '' .
UNK usually happened only with cattle , for UNK had UNK sense to avoid 'em , and to find shelter for UNK .
When a cow came out of a UNK in a UNK run she was said to `` come out UNK '' .
They were said to be `` on their heads '' when UNK .
A general classification given UNK cattle was `` UNK '' .
When cattle became more valuable , ranch owners frowned upon this practice and it was discontinued , at least when the boss was UNK .
UNK the bull by the tail , he rushed his UNK forward and a little to one side , UNK the bull off balance , and `` UNK '' 'im with UNK force .
UNK of cattle came in for their special names .
A `` UNK '' was a cow or steer of the UNK type , with lines and dots of a color UNK the rest of its body UNK the eyes , face , and nose .
UNK the southern border , cattle of the early UNK breed whose UNK was black with a UNK , with white UNK frequently UNK on the sides and belly , were called `` UNK '' .
`` That's the Colonel '' , he said , `` But I can't see the dogs '' .
As they watched , Jones rode straight for the Reef .
UNK , don't disturb her '' .
Her roar changed to a UNK .
Jones yelled , `` or UNK kill 'em all .
UNK out Means as she ran .
`` Don't you go a step nearer her than I do '' , Jones warned , `` and if you do , go at a run so you'll have momentum '' ! !
John led the chase after her and the other dogs UNK out behind , many of them trailing blood .
UNK , was the answer .
But Means kept on .
The front line of advance is where UNK and UNK congregations of different traditions exist side by side .
As things now stand , there is a UNK UNK between the unity in Christ which we UNK in ecumenical meetings and the UNK UNK of most congregations on any Main Street in the nation .
Most people do not realize that the congregation , as a gathered fellowship meeting regularly face to face , personally sharing in a common experience and expressing that experience in daily relationships with one another , is unique .
The Jewish UNK UNK a parallel to the Christian congregation , but UNK , Buddhism , UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK , although they have sacred UNK , priests , spiritual UNK , and places of prayer , do not have a congregation as a local household of faith and love .
What is now called Christian fellowship is often little more than the social UNK of having a gracious time with the kind of people one likes .
Its preaching and its music give UNK of spirit to men and women living under heavy strain .
And it is easy for the ecumenical UNK to lose sight of how basic all this is .
As the UNK grew older , and as radio broadcasts of baseball games began to involve more and more people daily in the UNK of the professionals , the great UNK ( always led by Babe Ruth ) UNK the game so that UNK were nearly of no account .
Boys no longer bothered learning to UNK and even school kids UNK to `` choke up '' on a bat as Willie UNK and the famous UNK of another day had done .
A few professional baseball players cultivated UNK , with the encouragement of the press , so that they might see their names in big black print , along with UNK UNK , Al UNK , Earl UNK , and the Prince of UNK .
And while less than ten years earlier the UNK Black Sox -- all of them top performers in their positions -- had UNK for UNK Charles UNK at UNK ranging from twenty-five hundred dollars to UNK hundred dollars a year , stars now were asking ten thousand dollars , twenty thousand dollars , yes , even fifty thousand dollars a season .
Ruth himself , still UNK his farm in Massachusetts and an interest in the Massachusetts cigar business that printed his round UNK face on the UNK , had led the parade down from UNK Park , followed by UNK Carl Mays , UNK `` Joe '' UNK , UNK UNK , UNK UNK , and Sam Jones , catcher Wally UNK , third UNK Joe UNK ( who completed the `` UNK trio '' of Ruth , UNK , and UNK ) , and UNK UNK Scott .
In some cities games were broadcast throughout the week and then on weekends the UNK was UNK , and fans must needs drive to the city from all the broadcast area to discover how their heroes were UNK .
This had a pleasant effect upon the Sunday gate receipts as well as upon the UNK of the rail and bus companies , some of which began to offer special UNK rates , including seats at the park , just as the UNK and UNK companies had when baseball was new .
This conclusion is dependent on the assumption that traditional sex UNK will continue to sanction both UNK UNK as the `` ideal '' , and the double standard holding females primarily responsible for preserving the ideal .
Her UNK indifference to and rebellion against suggestions and criticisms by anyone except peer friends during adolescence are the manifestations , in her adolescence , of her having been UNK in childhood to feel shame , if not guilt , for failing to behave in a manner acceptable to , and judged by , the performance of her UNK and UNK peer friends .
but very few seemed aware that such acceptance and identification need to be UNK with more enduring and stable identification of and with one's self .
These childhood experiences are sources of the UNK that the adolescent needs , for UNK with many roles , and for the freedom to fail sometimes in the process of UNK and UNK her skills and abilities .
They attended school and selected courses primarily on the basis of decisions others made ; ;
The adolescent also faces the identity crisis that UNK has termed ideological polarization vs. diffusion of ideals .
This tendency is , perhaps , most clearly revealed in the literature on religious UNK and experiences of UNK .
A pronounced ideological diffusion -- i.e. , inability to identify independently with given ideas and value systems -- is reflected in many ways .
It is UNK by the individual Willie UNK , whose ideas and behavior patterns are so dependent and UNK that they always coincide with those of the individual or group present and most important at the moment .
In the adult world , there are a number of rather general and UNK sources of ideological diffusion that further compound the UNK search for meaning during this particular identity crisis .
In the final accounting , these would have augmented the bill for both sides .
The duration and other circumstances of the Selden case made it a UNK example of the gross abuses of patent infringement actions .
the duplication of testimony and exhibits ; ;
One of the conditions of the pool was a prohibition upon the withholding of patent rights among A.L.A.M. members .
Within its limits , this arrangement had the actual or potential characteristics of a UNK agreement .
At this point Charles C. UNK , long an advocate of patent peace in the industry , became chairman of the patents committee of the National UNK Chamber of Commerce , successor to the UNK Board of Trade .
UNK to avoid a similar UNK in the motor car industry , UNK went to Detroit in UNK to UNK the support of leading A.L.A.M. members for an UNK UNK plan .
The UNK created by the Selden patent doomed his proposal , but UNK did not abandon his scheme .
`` It is a much easier course to agree to let one another alone so far as ordinary patents are concerned '' , said a trade authority , `` than to continue the costly effort of UNK the tangle in the courts or seeking to reform the patent system , which appears to be getting into deeper confusion every day '' .
The eloquent UNK of UNK guaranteed the adoption of the plan by the members of the automotive trade association .
The remains of the UNK of UNK are now in front of you .
The sense of perspective has been created by designing the length of the columns so that those at the far end of the UNK are much shorter than those in front .
Michelangelo was the most distinguished of several noted architects who helped design it .
UNK by the side of the UNK and after two blocks along the Via UNK you will come to the Piazza Della UNK .
You are now at the Corso , though narrow , one of UNK UNK streets .
He knows that he certainly does not want his children living this way .
One day , to UNK UNK , someone drops a match in the powder UNK and everything UNK up .
I once tried to describe to a very well-known American intellectual the conditions among Negroes in the South .
This is precisely what happened when the Puerto UNK arrived in their thousands -- and the bitterness thus caused is , as I write , being fought out all up and down those streets .
They seem to feel that because they fought on the right side during the Civil War , and won , they have earned the right merely to UNK what is going on in the South , without taking any responsibility for it ; ;
I know Negroes who prefer the South and white Southerners , because `` At least there , you haven't got to play any guessing games '' ! !
I know another Negro , a man very dear to me , who says , with conviction and with truth , `` The spirit of the South is the spirit of America '' .
The world has never lacked for UNK examples ; ;
He never sees Negroes .
It seems to be indispensable to the national UNK that the Negro be considered either as a kind of ward ( in which case we are told how many Negroes , comparatively , bought UNK last year and how few , comparatively , were UNK ) , or as a victim ( in which case we are promised that he will never vote in our UNK or go to school with our kids ) .
I was curious to know if UNK death , which is surely among the most sinister of recent events , would UNK from `` our '' side anything more than the usual , UNK UNK .
The answer to both questions is immediately obvious .
It is a notion which contains a UNK insult , implying , as it does , that Negroes can make no move unless they are UNK .
An early UNK production was The UNK Of Mary , Queen Of Scots .
In response , the industry allowed the discovery of the motion picture as a form of fiction and thus gave the movies the essential form they have had to this day .
The discovery that movies are a form of fiction was made in the early years of this century and it was made chiefly by two men , a French UNK , UNK UNK , and an American employee of UNK , Edwin S. Porter .
The time of the motion picture is fixed absolutely .
The Great UNK UNK is a UNK film .
The material of the Porter film is simplicity itself ; ;
He revealed the potential value of the `` cut '' as the basic technique in the art of the film .
UNK condensed versions of famous novels and famous plays were presented .
Members of higher and lower social status often cluster around this nucleus , so that Protestant figures on social class give the impression of spread over all social classes ; ;
it is UNK a believing and UNK fellowship .
They survive only when they can recruit social and economic UNK .
consequently , the vulnerability to social difference should not be attributed to the stress on personal community in Protestant congregations ; ;
the mission of the church is actually a process of informal co-optation ; ;
this style is UNK an expression of the UNK style of the middle classes .
The UNK also had to pay a tax of UNK on the goods they traded , and all pelts were to be taken to company stores and UNK to France in company ships .
In UNK the King sent three commissioners to Louisiana with full powers to do all that was necessary to protect the colony .
Mobile was to be the anchor of a chain of posts extending UNK to the sources of the Tennessee River .
It was hoped that to this post would flow a large quantity of UNK from the west , principally down the Arkansas River .
On the Ohio or UNK was to be built another post `` at the fork of two great rivers '' .
Only two principal UNK were actually established -- one at Mobile , the other at New Orleans .
Their territory lay to the north , near the sources of the Alabama , the UNK , the Tennessee , and UNK rivers , and was easily UNK to traders among the UNK UNK .
But the Company of the Indies , holding to its program of economy , made no arrangements to furnish better goods at attractive prices .
To the directors the problem appeared a matter of UNK or diplomacy .
He asked also for more supplies to trade at a low price for the UNK pelts .
It stated that it had lost UNK UNK in its operations , and apparently blamed its poor success largely on the Indian trade .
Bienville , who returned to succeed Perier in UNK , objected that the merchants would not accept the responsibility of managing a trade in which they could see no hope of profits .
First , the State Department is unique among government agencies for its lack of public supporters .
In many sections he may even UNK applause from press and public for giving it a good lesson .
UNK privately but UNK public defense of his UNK UNK , Dulles remained serene and detached while the UNK men had their way .
Out of it each week go hundreds of thousands of words UNK to inform home UNK about what is really happening inside Washington .
Where his UNK had UNK , Menshikov smiled .
`` This is where I get my information from '' , he confided .
`` But bring it right back .
`` Do you mean to tell us '' , a reporter asked , `` that the King has twenty-one children , twenty-five of whom are sons '' ? ?
The reports of President UNK UNK which Hammarskjold was UNK from UNK to Washington became increasingly UNK to other UNK , including the UNK Foreign Minister , Mrs. UNK UNK .
Finally he reported that UNK was ready to make a concrete commitment in return for UNK UNK .
The deep water is used by many people , but it is always clean , for the washing is done outside .
Of course , most UNK are Eastern style -- at floor level -- but even when they are raised to chair height , they are actually outside UNK -- inside .
They are trying to demonstrate some different ways of teaching and learning .
With the loss of the Emperor UNK in Japan , the people are left in confusion with no God or moral teachings that have strength .
There seems to be no purpose in life that is sure -- no certain guiding principles to give stability .
They suggested several new foods , and usually I found them good , except the UNK , which I think I could learn to like .
They understood and UNK me a bit about it .
In Nara I stayed at the hotel where the Prince and UNK had stayed on their honeymoon .
In the evening both of the men went with me on the train 30 miles to Osaka to put me on the train for Hiroshima .
I was grateful for their insight into my need for this experience .
A better world may yet come out of Hiroshima .
Tokyo
This day was `` Open House for Parents '' day , and the girls were busy preparing exhibits and arranging tea tables .
At this Women's University we find a monument to a UNK family who believed that Japanese women also should be educated .
UNK UNK have built a fine building on the campus where members can come and stay for a few days or longer and where they can have their social gatherings and professional meetings .
they become skilled in cooking and cleaning and in receiving guests .
UNK of this UNK school are much in demand and can always find work immediately .
Here the UNK is in steps to give economic UNK to those being UNK , and to legal UNK .
and again , that `` the object of non-violent resistance is partly analogous to this object of war -- namely , to UNK the opponent , to break his will , to destroy his confidence , enthusiasm , and hope .
In another respect it is UNK , for non-violent resistance UNK the opponent only to UNK in him a new morale that is firmer because it is based on UNK values '' .
Without agreeing with every phrase in this statement , we must certainly assert the great difference between Christian love and any form of resistance , and then go on beyond the UNK position and affirm that Christian UNK must first justify and then determine the moral principles limiting resistance .
and when this is done it will be found that the principles governing Christian resistance cut across the distinction between violent and non-violent means , and apply to both alike , UNK either on occasion and always limiting either action .
There must also be additional and more fundamental discrimination in the use of means of resistance , violent or non-violent .
We may now take up for consideration a hard case which seems to require either no action employing economic pressure or else action that would seem to UNK the principles set forth above .
I write about Northern liberals from considerable personal experience .
'' This , for the liberals I know , would be an UNK .
Also , we should not even UNK discount the fact that a region such as the UNK UNK UNK on UNK had closer ties with England and the West Indies than with the North even after independence .
This is the only case in modern history of a people of UNK origin UNK without continued struggle to what they view as foreign domination .
In every war of the United States since the Civil War the South was more UNK than the rest of the country .
Whatever their UNK , they are not UNK .
Beyond the two basic tasks mentioned above , no attention was paid by statesman or scholar to an idea of state responsibility , either UNK or UNK .
This was particularly true in the world arena , which was an UNK UNK characterized by UNK and UNK competition for colonial UNK .
National responsibility for individual welfare is a concept not limited to the United States or even to the Western nations .
UNK in New UNK under the UNK of the International Commission of UNK , a body of lawyers from the free world , the Congress UNK and expanded the traditional UNK of Law to include UNK governmental duties .
For better or for worse , we all now live in welfare states , the UNK principle of which is collective responsibility for individual well-being .
If internal responsibility suggests acceptance of the UNK ideal of equality , then external responsibility implies adherence to principles of ideological UNK .
These fundamental ideas -- the UNK of sovereignty and its dual ( UNK ) aspects -- still remain the core of that concept of ultimate political power .
In fact , however , both principles have always been UNK and loosely defined .
Their conversations were , almost invariably , accompanied by the same gestures -- arms and pointed UNK UNK toward each other in UNK UNK motions .
In recent weeks , as a result of a sweeping defense policy UNK by the Kennedy Administration , basic United States strategy has been modified -- and large new sums UNK -- to meet the UNK danger and to reduce it as quickly as possible .
UNK UNK , UNK and frequencies make the chain as UNK as possible .
Additional codes can be used to challenge and UNK the UNK .
What if the President himself , in the language of the military , `` goes UNK '' ? ?
His UNK can give him instant contact with more than UNK bases around the world and with every SAC aircraft .
He need only pick up one of the two red telephone UNK at his extreme left , right next to the big red button marked alert .
The answer is a UNK secret .
UNK , they waited until the UNK UNK and began to move in a long drifting UNK across the dry burning land .
They went after the UNK as UNK as a UNK pack after an abandoned cow .
Suddenly one of them shouted , ran a few feet , bent forward and put his mouth to the ground .
With a UNK and generous gesture , the UNK stood up and beckoned to the closest of his fellows .
There might have been a pool of cool water behind any of these UNK : only -- there was not .
They lay , with the birds UNK from branch to branch above them and the bright sky UNK down at them .
Even today range UNK will come upon UNK bodies of men who attempted nothing more difficult than a UNK UNK and slowly lost direction , were tortured by the heat , driven mad by the constant and UNK promise of the landscape , and who finally died .
He knows that the economy of life in the `` UNK '' is awful .
I do not know if such a way of life can come to be a UNK challenge , but I suspect that it can .
`` Once I get out on the flat I do .
Two miles UNK , then five miles UNK that sort of thing .
He was right .
The landscape kept repeating itself .
They'll move around that rock all day , following the shade .
It was not merely that flies were crawling over his face but his narrowed UNK did not UNK when the flies crawled into his eye UNK .
The UNK and I both were wearing insect UNK and were not badly bothered by insects , but my eyes UNK as we stood watching the aborigine .
The boys had beautiful dark eyes and unlike their father they brushed constantly at the flies and UNK their eyes .
the UNK fell from power ; ;
And of course religious life continues to center in the more famous UNK , and commercial life -- very much a social institution -- in the UNK .
Water , air , fruit , poetry , music , the human form -- these things are important to Persians , and they experience them with an intense and discriminating awareness .
The men crying love poems in an UNK on any UNK night are as often as not the UNK , UNK UNK who spend most of their lives in and out of the local UNK , UNK , and UNK .
from UNK , where the water level is much lower , it is a high , UNK UNK UNK .
Here , on the UNK day , it is cool beneath the stone and fresh from the water flowing in the UNK at the bottom of the UNK .
In most Western cultures today these twins have been sent away to the libraries and museums .
Go , tell his aged mother that her son UNK with a thousand UNK , and he was one '' .
These songs ( practically all Persian music , for that matter ) are limited to a range of two UNK .
UNK UNK UNK UNK , UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK , the UNK quoted The UNK UNK , as he told of his career and UNK , explaining that the number seven had significantly UNK in his life several times .
Yes : though not professional musicians , they were a UNK family .
When he started school at the age of UNK , he could not understand why the UNK begins with the letter A , instead of C , as in the scale .
Soon he was playing in the Cologne UNK Orchestra , and during World War 1 , , when musicians were scarce , he joined the opera orchestra as well .
During his tenure he also fulfilled guest engagements at the Berlin State Opera .
In 1938 , at the insistence of UNK UNK , Steinberg left Germany for the United States , by way of Switzerland .
Since it is not far from UNK , he will visit UNK house , as he never fails to do , to pay his respects to the memory of the composer of La UNK , which he considers one of UNK UNK .
I consider it the center of the world and make it a point to be there once a year '' .
Since he UNK so much modern music , I could not resist asking how he felt about it .
But after all , you never learned anything else '' ! !
When I mentioned that for my first long voyage I did not even have the money for the return UNK , but had trusted to luck that I would earn a sufficient amount , the young people looked at me UNK .
Though the four boys and two girls , the youngest nineteen years of age , the oldest twenty-four , came from varying backgrounds and had different professional and personal interests , there was surprising agreement among them .
That test , as President Kennedy UNK depicted it in his State of the Union message , will determine `` whether a nation organized and governed such as ours can endure '' .
Strong men with strong opinions , frank to the point of being UNK UNK , the UNK Seven were essentially congenial minds , and their agreements with each other were more UNK than their differences .
UNK of the Albany Plan Of Union , which , had it been adopted , might have avoided the Revolution , he fought the UNK UNK battles in London , negotiated the treaty of alliance with France and the peace that ended the war , headed the state government of Pennsylvania , and exercised an important UNK influence at the Federal Convention .
He served as president of the Continental Congress .
Hamilton , UNK of the seven , gave up a brilliant law practice to enter Washington's UNK .
`` As an independent American I considered all who were not for us , and you UNK the rest , as against us , yet be assured that John Jay never ceased to be the friend of Peter Van UNK '' .
The latter in turn assured him that `` were I UNK at the bar , and you my judge , I should expect to stand or fall only by the merits of my cause '' .
Indeed , the old UNK were far more UNK to the UNK UNK than they were to the UNK Democrats .
of the UNK Negro servants UNK hymns as they plow the fields ; ;
But the South is , and has been for the past century , engaged in a UNK urbanization which , UNK enough , is not reflected in its literature .
the list is , obviously , endless .
Where are the writers to treat these changes ? ?
Today the Negro must discover his role in an industrialized South , which indicates that the racial aspect of the Southern dilemma hasn't changed radically , but rather has gradually come to be reflected in this new context , this new coat of paint .
Other examples of gradual changes that have affected the Negro have been his moving up , row by row , in the buses ; ;
He has frequently refused to move from white lunch counters , refused to obey local laws which he considers UNK , while in other cases he has appealed to federal laws .
and the success of such an UNK is , as suggested above , UNK rare .
Modern writers , who are supposed to keep their fingers firmly upon the pulse of their subjects , insist upon drawing out this legend , UNK its burial , when it well deserves a rest after the UNK of the past century .
No Southern novelist has done for Atlanta or Birmingham what UNK , UNK , and Farrell did for Chicago or UNK UNK did for New York .
Faulkner traces , in his vast and UNK saga of UNK County , the gradual changes which UNK into the South , building layer upon layer of minute , subtle innovation which eventually tend largely to hide the Old Way .
The UNK continued as the dancer was further UNK by the play of lights upon his figure .
The contemporary painter tends to UNK not the concrete objects of his experience but their UNK as revealed in abstractions of their lines , colors , masses , and energies .
UNK who use the chance method also UNK subjective control of formal development .
But a UNK of coins , with perhaps the added UNK of reference to the UNK of the I UNK , the Chinese Book Of UNK , dictates the handling of the chosen materials .
The process UNK that the UNK sense the quality of the initial movement he has discovered and that he feel the UNK of the quality that is to follow it .
The design is determined emotionally : `` I must reach into myself for the spring that will send me UNK UNK into the chaos of event with which the dance UNK me '' .
In his recognition of his impersonal self the dancer moves , and this self , in the `` first revealed stroke of its existence '' , states the theme from which all else must follow .
UNK occur without apparent reason .
And so I would only touch upon it now ( much as I have long wanted to write a book about it ) .
.
'' The other important difference between the two UNK was that the President of the Confederacy held office for six ( instead of four ) years , and was limited to one term .
The one of 1861 made clear that in making their government the people were acting through their states , whereas the UNK of UNK expressed , as clearly as language can , the opposite concept , that they were acting directly as citizens .
After the war began , he long refused to permit emancipation of the slaves by Union action even in the UNK States that stayed with the Union .
To my knowledge , Lincoln remains the only UNK of State and UNK who , while fighting a fearful war whose issue was in doubt , proved man enough to say this publicly -- to give his foe the benefit of the fact that in all human truth there is some error , and in all our error , some truth .
Its appeal from UNK to bullets at Fort UNK ended by UNK the Southerners their right to have slaves -- a right that was even less compatible with the sovereignty of man .
As cells UNK into organisms , they built new `` unnatural '' and UNK controlled UNK to cope even more successfully with the UNK properties of the external world .
For the family is the simplest example of just such a unit , composed of people , which gives us both some immunity from , and a way of dealing with , other people .
We are desperately in the need of such invention , for man is still very much at the mercy of man .
I want , therefore , to discuss a second and quite different fruit of science , the connection between scientific understanding and fear .
There are certainly large areas of understanding in the human sciences which in themselves and even without political invention can help to UNK our present fears .
They arise in situations in which one believes that what happens depends not only on the external world , but also on the precise pattern of behavior of the individual or group .
Yet often fear persists because , even with the most rigid ritual , one is never quite free from the uneasy feeling that one might make some mistake or that in every previous execution one had been unaware of the really decisive act .
A UNK could fall on San Francisco .
UNK activities could presumably bring long periods of flood or UNK .
Our weapons production , our world prestige , our ideas of democracy , our actions of trust or UNK or secrecy or UNK ? ?
We use terms from our personal experience with individuals such as `` trust '' , `` UNK '' , and `` get tough '' .
In addition , our way of dealing directly with natural phenomena has also changed .
In some areas , the progress is UNK than in others .
Perhaps the most UNK example of the reduction of fear through understanding is derived from our increased knowledge of the nature of disease .
Nothing like UNK , he arrived before the hour .
But to me UNK writing had seemed UNK with love for human beings and with a kind of humor that I could UNK neither with despair nor with UNK .
To find a form that UNK the mess , that is the task of the artist now '' .
This does not allow the mystery to UNK us .
UNK world is death and UNK may or may not get out of it to join the living child outside .
Is this UNK question a part of the chaos ? ?
The destiny of UNK UNK is sealed from the beginning : she will proceed into the dark .
He says nothing that UNK experience within a closed pattern .
`` Perhaps '' stands in place of commitment .
Yet it is not only Europe the play refers to .
UNK fiction is supported by a `` moral '' UNK and in its search for ultimate meaning hints at a religious dimension .
Lawrence UNK , in The Holy UNK , stresses that for the beat generation sex is more than a source of pleasure ; ;
For this reason , too , their language is more UNK and earthy .
This is far from the vulgar , UNK UNK of the middle-class square in heat '' .
Thus , UNK , the beat writers resort to `` religious '' UNK : they are in search of UNK , the spiritual , the UNK , but not anything connected with formal religion .
He will not curb his UNK desires but release the energy within him that makes him feel truly and fully alive , even if it is only for this brief moment before the UNK of UNK UNK on earth .
With lyrical intensity they reveal what they hate , but their faith in love , inspired by the revolutionary rhythms of jazz , UNK in the climax of the orgasm .
And the life they lead is UNK and for the most part UNK , even though they make a UNK of devoting themselves to some creative pursuit -- writing , painting , music .
Who are the creative representatives of this movement ? ?
They are full of contempt for the institution of UNK .
Part of the ritual of sex is the use of marijuana .
As UNK puts it : `` The UNK is felt in the magic circle of marijuana with far greater force , as a UNK principle in human relationships , than at any other time except , perhaps , in the mutual metaphysical UNK .
The only extended view possible to anyone less tall than the fences was that obtained from an upper UNK of the apple tree .
One looked down on a sea of leaves , a breaking wave of flower .
Time is a UNK thing and memory a UNK ; ;
but true memory does not count nor add : it holds fast to things that were and they are outside of time .
Other flowers we might gather as we pleased : UNK and white UNK from beneath the UNK ; ;
Dead UNK birds , their UNK UNK and the odor of decay that clung to the hand when they had been buried in our UNK in front of the purple UNK .
We were not , however , entirely UNK with the varying aspects of the street .
The horse walked , the reins were slack , the UNK rode with UNK shoulders , his UNK across his knees .
No one seemed to hear him , no one UNK .
The horse UNK on , and he repeated his call .
the UNK shadows circled from street to sidewalk , from sidewalk to lawn .
UNK every gate was a UNK post or a stone UNK , set with a rusty iron ring for UNK a horse .
The wife , UNK , and her lover are both UNK UNK , she as UNK UNK , `` UNK '' and `` UNK '' , possibly `` a UNK maker '' , with `` a kind of UNK UNK '' to set against her apparent simplicity , her `` UNK brain '' .
In the work of every artist , I suppose , there may be found one or more moments which strike the student as absolutely decisive , ultimately UNK of what it is all about ; ;
When I try to work out my reasons for feeling that this passage is of critical significance , I come up with the following ideas , which I shall express very briefly here and UNK to in a later essay .
UNK a lawyer , that is to say associated with dignity , reserve , discipline , with much that is essentially middle-class , he is compelled by an impossible love to exhibit himself dressed up , disguised -- that is , UNK , revealed -- as a child , and , worse , as a UNK UNK as a child .
that is to say , to the UNK '' .
The UNK , a sufficiently commonplace young fellow , is not named but identified simply as `` Life '' -- that and a license number , which Piepsam uses in addressing him .
The UNK , by contrast , blond and UNK , is simply UNK , UNK Life , `` UNK and carefree '' .
But he is more interesting than the others , the ones who come from the UNK to watch him , more interesting than Life considered as a UNK .
The monk UNK , brought over from the Renaissance and placed against the background of Munich at the turn of the century , protests against the UNK works displayed in the UNK of M. UNK ; ;
And although these insights into the nature of art may be in themselves insufficient for a UNK philosophy of art , their peculiar authenticity in this day and age requires that they be taken seriously and gives promise that from their very substance , new and valid chapters in the philosophy of art may be written .
The UNK imagination in the arts
He is the UNK of a sacred reality by which he has been grasped .
UNK is the nearest possible thing to the actual UNK of experience , in which the UNK person UNK through images something of the force and depth characteristic of experience itself .
The images themselves , like their counterparts in experience , are not neutral qualities to be surveyed UNK ; ;
These are like the initial ways in which the world forces itself upon the self and UNK the self into decision and choice .
In contrast to all this , primary data are data of a self involved in UNK processes and powers .
Whitehead UNK that the human way of understanding existence as a unity of interlocking and interdependent processes which constitute each other and which cause each other to be and not to be is possible only because the basic form of such an understanding , for all its UNK and tendency to mistake the detail , is initially given in the way man feels the world .
I leave it to the UNK to say what they were , but I noticed several a few years ago , during an automobile ride from Memphis to UNK .
But with the renewal of interference in 1954 ( as with its beginning in UNK ) , the improvement was UNK .
They didn't seem to be able to think of any .
The cliche loses its UNK virtue in the light of a little history .
The Declaration of Independence says that `` governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed '' .
The phrase `` consent of the governed '' needs a hard look .
Calhoun dealt with this question in his `` UNK On Government '' .
That regional UNK do not still exist ? ?
Southern UNK ( there are a good many ) -- especially if they're rich -- often exhibit UNK UNK .
If there's no suitable academy in your own neighborhood , there's always New England .
And it is precisely in this UNK economic class that one finds , and has always found , the most racial friction .
It is something which most of us try to get out from under .
He also spoke of `` the wealth piled by the UNK two hundred and fifty years in UNK UNK '' .
Lincoln was historian and UNK enough to know that a substantial portion of this wealth had accumulated in the hands of the UNK of New UNK engaged in the slave trade .
Who is the owner ? ?
Like UNK , they had washed their hands .
The clause UNK the UNK the inhabitants of Africa was struck out in UNK to South Carolina and Georgia , who had never attempted to restrain the UNK of slaves , and who on the contrary still wished to continue it .
The New England conscience became UNK .
He was referring not only to the general college situation but more especially to the preparatory schools .
Professor UNK Book , UNK foremost critic of the period , UNK it as follows : `` In this we have the verse of a painter ; ;
he tells stories of the UNK and One UNK , and UNK up before us the UNK of UNK .
On the UNK of his return to their native UNK he speaks with his wife of the masterpiece which rises before them in its completed perfection .
The supreme object of their lives is now fulfilled , says the wife , her husband has achieved immortality .
Not so , he answers , it is not the architect but the temple that is UNK .
`` The man's true reputation is his work '' .
He did not , however , find himself at once .
His next major work , completed in UNK , was a long fantastic epic in prose , entitled Hans UNK , which Professor Book describes as a monument on the grave of his carefree and UNK youth .
He did not , however , settle back into UNK with things as they were .
on the fatal UNK of UNK , to quote from the novel , `` the wreath he UNK for himself slipped down upon his people '' .
The Charles Men consists not of a connected narrative but of a group of short stories , each UNK a special phase of the general subject .
This comes out in `` When The UNK UNK '' , which describes the UNK of the peasants in southern Sweden to repel an invasion by the UNK .
It is different with his volume The UNK And Their UNK ( UNK UNK UNK UNK ) , a history intended for the general reader and particularly suited for high school students .
These are suggestive of UNK UNK .
UNK UNK is a superb example , and Charles 10 , , the UNK of UNK , hardly less so .
Today the private detective will also investigate insurance claims or handle divorce cases , but his primary function remains what it has always been , to assist those who have money in their UNK struggle with those who have not .
On the one hand , he does not work for a large agency , but is almost always UNK .
It is this curious blend of rugged individualism and public service which accounts for the great appeal of the mythological detective .
Not only did the ideal entrepreneur not produce the greatest good for the greatest number , he ended by destroying himself , by giving birth to monopoly capitalism .
Even on the fictional level , however , the UNK which give rise to the mystery story are not fully resolved .
he is prone to UNK UNK induced by the playing of the UNK ; ;
he is not an eccentric but rather an UNK .
More profound and more disturbing , however , is the moral isolation of Raymond UNK Philip UNK .
In either case , they do not appreciate the private UNK zeal .
UNK enough , the police are themselves in league with the killer ; ;
What was only a vague suspicion in the case of UNK Holmes now appears as a direct UNK : the private eye is in danger of turning into his opposite .
By UNK his own personal code of behavior , the private detective has placed himself in opposition to a society whose fabric is UNK with crime and corruption .
If the detective UNK upon retaining his personal standards , he must now do so in conscious UNK of his society .
He must , in short , cease to be a detective and become a rebel .
In order to save the mystery story , they have converted the private detective into an organization man .
It will be shown that the objectives of the cooperative people in an organization determine the type of network required , because the type of network functions according to the characteristics of the messages UNK in Table 1 .
This sentence would have most of the characteristics of a question , but it has some of the characteristics of a statement because the UNK has conveyed the fact that he has no faith in his own UNK or the one attached to his car .
This , and other qualifications , make the cocktail party the most complete and most UNK communication system ever dreamed up .
Looking at the diagram , we see that Af connection lines come in to each member .
In any social system in which communications have an importance comparable with that of production and other human factors , a point like UNK in Figure 2 would ( other things being equal ) be the dwelling place for the community leader , while UNK and UNK would house the next most important citizens .
UNK UNK have given these matters much consideration .
All orders originate with the officer of highest rank and terminate with action of the men in the ranks .
This monitoring is necessary because , on a parade ground , everyone can hear too much , and without monitoring a confused social event would develop .
Not discussed here are some military problems of modern times such as UNK warfare , where the UNK , sending , UNK , and receiving are all so inadequate that networks and decision making are not the UNK .
Such problems are of extreme interest as well as importance and are so much like fighting in a rain forest or guerrilla warfare at night in tall grass that we might have to UNK primitive conflicts for what they could teach .
American democratic thought , pointed up the relation between the Protestant movement in this country and the development of a social religion , which he called the American Democratic Faith .
Those familiar with his work will remember that he placed the UNK of the democratic faith at around UNK .
It seemed to me that the liberals had UNK the balanced UNK and UNK both liberty and the fundamental law in the common man .
The UNK UNK of UNK after the War for Southern Independence and the general secular drift to the Religion of UNK , however , prepared the way for a reception of the French UNK UNK offspring of one sort of another .
The importance of UNK twist has not always been clear to us , however .
A UNK journalist , Sam UNK , has UNK it in the title of one of his books as the revolt of the UNK .
He opens his UNK , however , with a review of the Eisenhower UNK festivities at which a sympathetic press had assembled its massive talents , all UNK to catch some revelation of the emerging new age .
The show was colorful , indeed , exuberant , but the press for all its UNK could detect no note of a UNK rendezvous with destiny .
It has moved on various levels , it has been UNK and confused .
One of the obvious conclusions we can make on the basis of the last election , I suppose , is that we , the majority , were UNK with Eisenhower conservatism .
I suppose we might classify Billy Graham as an old liberal .
And I would further note that they all -- with one exception again -- sang in one key or another the same song .
Has not that way been lit always by the lamp of liberalism up until the turning back under Eisenhower ? ?
Should the UNK growth of technology then warn us ? ?
UNK such evidence is the first step ; ;
We have proved so able to solve technological problems that to UNK we cannot realize a universal goal in the immediate future is to be extremely UNK , if nothing else .
Their kind created an American culture superior to any in the world , an industrial and technological culture which penetrated Russia as it did almost every corner of the earth without a nickel from the Federal UNK or a single governmental specialist to UNK UNK or program a series of UNK of interested agencies .
But even if we cannot see the UNK characteristics in this new image of America , foreigners can ; ;
If we want respect from ourselves or others , we will have to earn it .
As a creative enterprise , its abilities are primarily in `` UNK '' creative enterprises developed outside its own organization ( an ability made possible by us , and almost UNK ) .
In all other areas , private initiative of the `` proprietorship '' type should be urged to produce the desired goods and services .
and for this human beings must be firmly in control of the economics on which our society rests .
Such genuine human leadership the proprietorship can offer , corporations cannot .
This combined experience , on a foundation of very average , I assure you , intelligence and background , has helped me do things many UNK people would bet heavily against .
From an initial investment of UNK in 1943 , it has grown , with no additional capital investment , to a present value estimated by some as UNK UNK ( we don't disclose financial figures to the public ) .
UNK General UNK set about to protect the American people against radical propaganda that might be spread through the UNK .
Hence , the only UNK procedure is to UNK any and every notion , unless it gives evidence that it is perfectly safe .
Despite the clarity of his presentation , his idea was not of UNK UNK .
The Jews had been banished from England in UNK and were not permitted to return before UNK , when Shakespeare had been dead for UNK years .
If any had escaped UNK by hiding , they certainly would not frequent the UNK .
It would have been UNK policy , for instance , to apply the UNK characterization to the UNK UNK .
Are we better off for having Shakespeare's idea of Shylock ? ?
he is out of place in our times .
For answers to such questions we must turn to the UNK , the UNK , the historians , the psychologists , and the UNK .
UNK in the political arena can be productive of good .
The discussion of professional ethics inevitably reminded us that in the historical perspective the President's decision will finally clarify itself as a moral , rather than a medical , problem .
It UNK in the press conferences : the President's remarks about his running developed a singular tone , one which we find in few statements made by public individuals on such a matter .
The press conference became a stage which UNK the drift of his private thinking , rather than his convictions .
Yet the attitude that the fate of the Presidency demands in such a situation is quite distinct from the simple courage that can proceed with battles to be fought , regardless of the consequences .
In this case others should not have had to raise the doubts and fears .
But by the time the risk was doubled , events had dismissed from his mind both increased UNK and a previously stated intention of considering carefully anything more serious than a UNK of UNK .
What is simply an opinion formed in UNK of the laws of human probability , whether or not it is later confirmed , has become by September of the election year `` a firm conviction '' .
Only recently , and perhaps because a television debate can so effectively UNK President Kennedy's extraordinary mastery of detail , have the abilities on which the capacity for making distinctions depend begun to be clearly discernible at the level of politics .
and it is surely clear that the first of these is the result of the way in which the individual's command of language UNK with the other two .
The UNK division , we might observe in passing , is not of itself directly involved in a private interest conflict nor even in struggle between ruling groups .
Rather it is a division established by two absolutely different ways of thought with regard to man's life in society .
Of all forms of being , society , or community , has the greatest element of UNK .
UNK is what man has made of himself .
This happens at the moment man loses the perception of moral substance in himself , of a nature that , in UNK words , is perceived as a `` UNK of intelligible necessities '' .
An UNK is a man who UNK himself only as `` UNK '' , as existence without substance .
UNK involves the displacement of form .
This means that the inception of change itself can begin only when the factors UNK to change have already become more powerful than those UNK the UNK form in being .
And it would seem that history is a witness to this truth .
Others call it `` alienation '' , and mean by that no simple economic experience ( as Marx does ) but a deep spiritual sense of UNK .
Since a civilizational crisis involves also a crisis in private interests and in the ruling class , reaction is normally found among those who feel themselves to be among the ruling class .
even the questionable features of the past are defended .
The reactionary is confused about the existential status of a UNK tradition , but he does perceive the unity tradition had when it was healthy .
We can also argue that the three brothers UNK and UNK were the external representatives of an internal conflict within one man , UNK , a conflict having to do with UNK and the wish to possess the father's woman .
I am only UNK out differences in treatment of a theme and the resultant effects .
The child grows rich on his UNK and UNK with his uncle to make secret gifts of his money to his mother .
Why does the story affect us ? ?
I am sure that none of the effects of this story were consciously employed by Lawrence to describe an UNK fantasy in childhood .
But a writer who has a taste for irony and who sees incest in all its modern dimensions can let his imagination work on the disturbing joke in the incest myth , the joke that strikes right at the center of man's UNK .
the UNK speaks false and the dream speaks true .
His sailing vessel is guided by fate to the shores of his own country at a time when UNK domain is UNK by the armies of one of her rejected UNK .
In UNK he has said : `` UNK or UNK objects kept coming into my head , but I would suppress them UNK '' .
His UNK nowadays bore titles frankly declaring them to be `` Figures In Space '' , or `` Blue Figure '' , or `` UNK Figure '' ; ;
but , he held , instead of continuing as an `` art of reduction '' , it must grow , must make a place for the contributions of the UNK and UNK as well as for those of the early UNK and UNK .
But his own work was UNK further .
Very much the political man , Helion felt himself deeply affected by the increasingly UNK atmosphere of France and all Europe , whose foundations seemed to him more and more UNK .
After a year in a studio on UNK Square , having married an American girl who was a native of Virginia , Helion moved to a village in the Blue Ridge mountains , where he produced some of the most UNK of his abstract UNK .
In haste he UNK to finish some last abstract paintings : a UNK frieze , with a flying figure and a fallen figure ; ;
After a sort of death march during four days without food , Helion and his comrades were UNK by UNK to a labor camp at an estate farm in East Germany .
At the time of his capture Helion had on his person a UNK he had bought at UNK in New York .
Every morning UNK of prisoners would be sent out to labor in nearby factories .
UNK and David held nothing but their fingers .
In prison he had been able to sketch nothing but figures from life , his guards , his companions in misery .
They UNK the figures of human beings banished from his UNK since the 1920's .
others were of men UNK their hats to each other , carrying UNK with UNK , reading newspapers , or simply showing UNK of bread spread out .
They have indicated the direction but they have not been explicit enough , I believe , in pointing out Faulkner's independence , his questioning if not indeed challenging the Southern tradition .
It is to say rather , I believe , that he has brought to bear on the history , the traditions , and the UNK of his region a critical , skeptical mind -- the same mind which has made of him an UNK UNK in literary form and technique .
The planter UNK has appeared in literature at least since John UNK Kennedy published UNK in UNK and in his UNK portrait of Frank UNK UNK over his plantation UNK initiated the most persistent tradition of Southern literature .
Faulkner's UNK characters had but few counterparts in earlier Southern novels dealing with plantation life .
William UNK Simms , sturdy UNK that he was , pleaded for a natural UNK such as he found in his favorites the great UNK , to UNK the pale writings being produced around him .
Simms admired the raucous tales UNK from the UNK , but he had himself social UNK which would not allow him to approve them fully .
nor is there need to add that among them are some of the most highly UNK and most successful of his characters .
As a consequence of the tensions thus produced in his thoughts and feelings , he wrote on the one hand sketches of UNK hunting trips and on the other an anecdote of the village of UNK , Arkansas , where no one had ever seen a piano ; ;
Some years ago Julian UNK proposed to an audience made up of members of the British Association for the UNK of Science that `` man's UNK or UNK UNK are ( now ) in the same case as were his mathematical UNK during the ice age '' .
He is a UNK wife who UNK about tobacco ash on the living room rug and he is a UNK genius who goes boating with the town UNK when UNK from the local university have come to call .
For what do the UNK labor ? ?
There is another kind of UNK , a quiet , sure devotion to the fundamental UNK of human life , but no angry utopian UNK .
There is essential UNK in reading the writing of men who are not angry , who can UNK without UNK .
He begins : ``
As things turned out , however , we have not UNK greatly from the lesson : instead of UNK following a national program of our own we have often been satisfied to be against whatever Soviet policy seemed to be at the moment .
The maturity in this point of view lies in its recognition that no basic problem is ever solved without being clearly understood .
The Introduction continues : ``
Of one thing we can be sure : they were not UNK out by the revolutionary UNK of the eighteenth century who formulated the political principles and originally shaped the political institutions of what we term the `` free society '' .
This life has its own currents and rhythms , its own multiple UNK and adaptations .
Should Rousseau have been able to leave room in his social theory for the UNK of television , atomic energy , and IBM machines ? ?
UNK the UNK context within which ancient thought UNK , how could anyone have questioned this principle ? ?
UNK disappear UNK over the horizon ; ;
A candle UNK in the air UNK its flame and smoke UNK .
When combined with the metaphysical notion that pure forms of this universe are best appreciated when least UNK in a material UNK , it becomes clear that while earth will be UNK on a scale of UNK ratios , celestial bodies will be of a subtle , UNK , UNK existence , in whose embodiment pure form will be the dominant component and matter will be absent or remain subsidiary .
The distances of these points of light is a problem he cannot master , beyond crude UNK as to the UNK of the planetary orbits viewed outward from earth .
This is what UNK the UNK character of his astronomy .
Some even say that this is the reason for the ultimate acceptance of the former .
it involves a reduction in the number of epicycles from UNK to seventeen '' .
This is more ambitious than Ptolemy is ever required to be when he faces his isolated problems .
This was not simpler but much more difficult than exercises within Ptolemy's astronomy .
There are in The UNK no rules for determining in advance whether a new UNK will be required for dealing with UNK in lunar , solar , or planetary behavior .
The UNK UNK are never ' ad UNK ' , never introduced UNK post facto just to sweep up within the theory some UNK UNK .
It is really the funeral day of scholastic science .
UNK , the UNK , philosophical , and cultural UNK initiated by the De UNK were felt with increasing violence during the 300 years to follow .
UNK per se ? ?
Without UNK too much , Copernicus sought to make orthodox astronomy systematically and UNK acceptable .
usually , this is most UNK to men , who expect every woman to UNK their UNK notions concerning her sex , and when she does not , immediately UNK her as eccentric and UNK .
Besides , Miss Henrietta -- as she was generally known since she had put up her hair with a UNK in the back -- had little time to spare them from her teaching and writing ; ;
and in her UNK way , Henrietta , who in her story of UNK had indicated her own UNK `` to think of men as the privileged '' and `` women as UNK and yielding '' , felt obliged to defend vigorously any statement of hers to which Morris Jastrow took the slightest exception -- he objected to her stand on the UNK affair , as well as on the radical reforms of Dr. UNK of Hebrew Union College -- until once , in sheer desperation , he wrote that he had given up hope they would ever agree on anything .
But that did not prevent him from writing more long letters , or from coming to spend his Christmas vacations with the UNK , lively UNK in their pleasant house on UNK Street .
Each was her mother's assistant and UNK ; ;
UNK , like Amy , the youngest of the UNK , was the UNK , UNK , rather calculating and ambitious one .
UNK began to trail Miriam everywhere , and to encourage her to make appalling statements about Wright and his UNK .
At last her lawyer , Arthur D. UNK , gave up the case because she turned down three successive UNK he arranged .
A troop of reporters brought up the rear .
Miriam was stopped at the Taliesin gate , and William Weston , now the estate UNK , came out to UNK .
At this point Mrs. UNK UNK , one of Wright's handsome daughters by his first wife , came from the house and tried to calm Miriam as she tore down a no visitors sign and smashed the glass UNK on another sign with a rock .
Then , with staring eyes and lips drawn thin , Miriam said to the young woman , `` You are ugly -- UNK than you used to be , and you were always very ugly .
Then , after UNK to accept a settlement and go through with a divorce , Miriam gave a UNK UNK of Mrs. UNK by suddenly stating , `` I will never leave Mr. Wright '' .
`` You are being UNK by traffic '' .
`` Take a gigantic knife and sweep it over the UNK '' , Wright said .
`` Cut off every building at the seventh floor .
What UNK Miriam was that Wright had told the papers about a reasonable offer he had made , which he considered she would accept `` when she tires of publicity '' .
but Wright stayed in the United States .
It was symbolized ( at least for those of us who recognized ourselves in the image ) by that UNK , UNK candle of UNK St. Vincent UNK , that candle which from the UNK where she UNK it became a UNK to us , but which in point of fact would have had to be as tall as a funeral UNK to last even the evening , let alone the night .
But I will not UNK it or cut it out .
UNK in that sense I can never be again .
For innocence , of all the UNK of the spirit , is I believe the one most to be prayed for .
Although it is constantly made to look foolish ( too simple to come in out of the rain , people say , who have found in the innocent an UNK ) , it does not mind looking foolish because it is not concerned with how it looks .
I had long since begun to lose my general innocence when I lost my trust in you , but this special innocence I lost before ever I loved , through my discovery that one could tremble with desire and even experience a UNK delight that had nothing , nothing whatever to do with friendship or liking , let alone with love .
The songs Sandburg sang often reminded listeners of songs of a UNK character they knew entirely or in fragments .
In due time Sandburg was a walking UNK of American folk music .
After he had finished the first two volumes of his Lincoln , Sandburg went to work UNK a book of songs out of UNK and childhood days and from the memory of songs others had taught him .
The book , published in 1927 , has been selling steadily ever since .
It is a mistake , however , to imagine that Sandburg uses the guitar as a UNK .
To play the guitar as he UNK will UNK his UNK energy as a historian , a poet and a singer .
Mr. UNK suggested that they go out and find one .
' UNK UNK ' , he said , ' used by radio UNK singers .
The impression you get from Carl UNK home is one of laughter and happiness ; ;
She has small , broad , capable hands and an enormous energy .
She was pious , too , once UNK through the night from Holy Thursday to Good Friday , despite the protest of the UNK that this was too much for a young girl .
She knelt out of UNK for having read the UNK of St. UNK .
She passed the entrance examinations to the University of Illinois , but during the year at UNK felt more important events UNK at the University of Chicago .
Carl , who was UNK in UNK , Wisconsin , UNK for the Social Democrats , was in UNK office and made it his business to escort Paula to the streetcar .
Not for a moment do we forget that our own fate is firmly fastened to that of these countries ; ;
No longer is the United States the only major industrial country capable of providing substantial amounts of the resources so urgently needed in the newly developed countries .
But the UNK it will UNK , the isolation into which it will UNK , and the internal moral and spiritual UNK that will be engendered , will , in the long term , bring it to economic and political disaster .
America did not become great through UNK and UNK .
I cannot express to you the depth of my conviction that , in our own and free world interest , we must UNK with others to help these people achieve their legitimate ambitions , as expressed in their different UNK plans .
Free world decisions in this matter may spell the difference between world disaster and world progress in freedom .
We face , indeed , what may be a turning point in history , and we must act UNK and wisely .
America possesses an enormous defense power .
It is my studied conviction that no nation will ever risk general war against us unless we should become so foolish as to neglect the defense forces we now so UNK support .
Incidentally , there was an Atlas firing last night .
This year , moreover , growing numbers of nuclear UNK submarines will enter our active forces , some to be armed with Polaris missiles .
the need to protect the public interest in situations of prolonged labor-management UNK ; ;
Here , he openly attacked Bang-Jensen and referred to his `` UNK conduct '' .
He knew it would be implied that it was done in this way at his insistence .
UNK , being `` outside '' the U.N. applied only to a physical state , not an objective one .
`` Mr. Gross , your report says that ' our function is UNK and advisory and does not in any way UNK from or prejudice Mr. Bang-Jensen's rights as a staff member .
`` This is a distressing thing .
For an instant he UNK UNK at Marshall .
`` I thought the entire report was going to be confidential from beginning to end .
`` Well , as a matter of fact , I've looked through UNK files of New York papers for December , 1957 , and haven't found a great deal '' --
`` Then what about the second interim public announcement ? ?
We attempted to conclude this , and did so by having the papers burned .
Could you comment on that '' ? ?
`` Those '' ! !
When I speak of how Shann felt , I know well .
Chapter 22
from the home of his friend , UNK UNK , in Washington , D.C. , Paul Bang-Jensen sent a telegram dated December 9 , 1957 , to Ernest Gross .
`` the matters to be considered are obviously of a grave character , and I therefore UNK request that the hearing be postponed for two weeks in order that I might make adequate preparation '' .
At last they concluded that the heavy , full feeling in their UNK was due to lack of exercise .
Even the first wave of UNK had passed , although there were moments when Captain UNK pointed out on his compass the direction of UNK that she felt a little UNK at her heart .
Sometimes a ship would be sighted and the UNK pass so close that people could easily be seen on the distant deck .
Captain UNK did not communicate with any strange vessels because of the possibility of war between the United States and Britain .
I can hardly think of this simple UNK without UNK , oh , what a luxury .
even Christ was baptized by this method .
Even Harriet could boldly write , `` I know not how it is ; ;
and yet remain UNK '' .
Sometimes ships waited for days for such a man , but Captain UNK was lucky .
Ann was plainly disappointed in his appearance .
They are situated in the midst of trees , which hang over them , and appear truly UNK .
The UNK we have passed are much larger than the houses '' .
Ann , pleased to see her friend happy , was UNK by the new fruits a friend of Captain UNK had sent on board for their enjoyment .
Although after much trouble he did manage to get it back , he discovered there was no trade to be had .
`` Go back to America or any other place '' , UNK friends of Captain UNK advised them , `` but put thoughts of going to Burma out of your heads '' .
When he discovered they had received from the Company's Court of UNK no permission to live in India , coupled with the fact that they were Americans who had been sent to Asia to convert `` the UNK '' , he became more UNK than ever .
Certainly it is the most UNK and elaborate .
Oxford , realizing that the law required the issuance of the writ , took the opposite view , for which the Queen never UNK him .
Steele's purpose is to present a general defense of his political writing and a resume of the themes which had occupied him in the Englishman ; ;
He claims , too , that his political convictions are simply those which are called `` Revolution UNK '' and which are accepted by moderate men in both parties .
It UNK to be a letter from Steele to a friend at court , who , in Miss UNK opinion , could only be meant as Swift .
This is the principal point made in this final section of Englishman No. 57 , and it UNK Steele's efforts in his other writing of these months to UNK the notion of the UNK as a `` Church Party '' supported by the body of the clergy .
By now he was undergoing a fresh UNK of abuse from Tory papers and pamphlets , and action was being taken to effect his punishment by UNK from Parliament .
If his scholarship and formal UNK were not all they might have been , Mercer demonstrated at an early age that he was gifted with a remarkable ear for rhythm and dialect .
The UNK success of `` UNK '' and `` And The Angels Sing '' could only lead to Hollywood , where , besides Harold Arlen , Mercer collaborated with Harry Warren , Jimmy Van UNK , Richard UNK , Walter UNK , UNK Kern , and Arthur UNK .
His casual , UNK working methods , often as not in UNK , were an abrupt change from UNK , so that Arlen had to adjust again to another approach to collaboration .
There were times that he worked with both UNK simultaneously .
I wouldn't hear from him for a couple of weeks , then he'd come around with the completed lyric '' .
The UNK Suite is in a sense an extension of the Cotton Club songs in that it is a collection of Negro songs , not for a night club , but for the concert stage .
In the UNK , after UNK and his UNK were properly UNK , Mr. UNK went to the adjoining facility .
Even earlier than that he had UNK the fact that I had been chosen to UNK the club's UNK .
Among the outstanding members of the Hearst cabinet whom he successfully opposed for a time were the great Arthur UNK , UNK UNK , UNK UNK , and Colonel Van Hamm .
Some of the Hetman's `` ideas '' were UNK , vaguely UNK , and at times UNK .
He said that his information was so secret that he would not be able to UNK in me the origin of his UNK tip .
I explained my state of mind to artist UNK UNK and to `` UNK '' UNK .
`` Where to , sir '' ? ?
Just then a reporter telephoned in from the Bronx to give the UNK desk an account of a murder .
He UNK successfully for the UNK of `` Death Avenue '' and also brought about the ending of pollution of metropolitan beaches by sewage .
A little boy came to give the President his personal UNK , and the President gave word that any little boy who wanted to see him was to be shown in .
Mama always felt that the collection symbolized Mrs. UNK wish for a little girl .
The dress in the painting is a bright red , with UNK forming a spray on the right side .
But she was afraid the First Lady would not understand , because Rob Roy was a perfect angel with the First Family .
Every day , when the President took his UNK , Rob Roy would stretch out on the window seat near him , like a perfect gentleman , and stare thoughtfully out the window , or he would take a little UNK himself .
All the dogs would dash to get on the elevator with the President and go to the dining room .
A new bill had been passed under UNK that designated the Government , rather than the President , as the UNK for official meals .
So the President would make a UNK breakfast official by inviting Government officials to attend .
He knew exactly how to be colorful ! !
When Mrs. Coolidge was in mourning , she did not wear black .
On the social side , the chore Mama had at the formal UNK at the White House UNK her the most .
Mama UNK down to fix the train , but there was no train there ! !
they have been UNK enemy .
predispositions regarding intelligence .
He may have entered the situation with predispositions that prepared him to act UNK in the press of affairs .
But millions of human beings were exposed to UNK propaganda and record .
UNK one merit of the vast UNK of Gentile conceptions of the Jew UNK in the present UNK is that it provides a formidable body of material that invites critical examination in terms of reality .
Since we can neither UNK nor UNK the past , we are limited to the events of today and tomorrow .
What are the historical trends in this country and abroad in the extent to which these goals are effectively realized ? ?
It is beyond the province of this UNK to cover policy questions of such depth and range .
If Jews are identified as a religious body in a controversy that comes before a national or international UNK , it is obviously compatible with the goal of human dignity to protect freedom of worship .
but it is UNK UNK in situations where UNK are dragged or lost .
We are learning how to do these things in some of the vast organized structures of modern society ; ;
and in contemporary society we often complain of too much UNK of the goodness of the good .
In any case I do not intend to let the present occasion pass without dealing more directly with the problem of UNK good intentions .
For what we propose , however , a UNK is not necessary , even though one aim is to enable the reader to get beneath his own defenses -- his defenses of himself to himself .
The relatively long and often colorful selections in this UNK enable the reader to become genuinely absorbed in what is said , whether he responds with anger or applause .
But simple involvement is not enough ; ;
Scientists often turn out to be UNK , too .
Probably the most important thing to focus on is not the development of conscience , which may well be almost beyond the reach of literature , but the contents of conscience , the code which is UNK to the developed or immature conscience available .
Let us UNK a few of these ideas .
Anyone who has watched children develop a taste for literature will understand what I mean .
I would say , too , that the study of literature tends to give a person what I shall call depth .
but the possibility of this effort is bound up with that development of historical thought which is the greatest achievement of our civilization in the last two centuries , and it is utterly impossible to people in whom this development has not taken place .
It is through such reflection that literature approaches philosophy .
also secondary notions such as the UNK of man , the UNK of man , and the dignity of man .
Again , he may discover UNK within its texture a theme or idea that has been presented elsewhere and at other times in various ways .
Usually the work studied offers us a special or even an UNK rendering or treatment of the ideas in question , so that the student finds it necessary to distinguish carefully between the several expressions of an `` UNK '' or mode of thought .
After all , Shelley is no `` orthodox '' or Hellenic UNK , and even his `` romantic '' UNK can be distinguished from that of his contemporaries .
Again , UNK attitude of UNK which colors his ideal of UNK is far from characteristic of a UNK thinker like Marcus UNK , whose gentle UNK is almost Christian , comparable to the patience expressed in Milton's UNK on his own blindness .
Let us quote once more from R. G. UNK : `` History is properly concerned with the actions of human beings UNK from the outside , an action is an event or series of events occurring in the physical world ; ;
Finally we may note that the idea appears in educational theory where its influence is at present widespread .
We may also recognize cases in which the poets have influenced the philosophers and even indirectly the scientists .
Lane was still burning because he had UNK missed election as governor of California in UNK and laid his defeat to the antagonism of Hearst's San Francisco Examiner .
For a freshman Congressman to read political UNK to UNK Democrats was poor policy for one who needed to make friends .
There was a host of dark horses .
The average Democratic politician , especially in the country districts , is hungry for the UNK of office .
In his own state of New York , the two Democratic UNK , State UNK Hill and UNK UNK UNK , were saying nothing openly against Hearst but UNK UNK their own favorites , UNK being for Cleveland and Hill for Parker .
The Hearst dollar mark is all over them .
The Hearst `` barrel ''
Later research has shown this part of the legend of the UNK UNK to be false .
Trevelyan accepts Italian nationalism with little analysis , he is UNK critical of UNK and French policy , and he is more than generous in assessing British policy .
But his concentration on personalities and his UNK assessment of their actions fail to convey the political UNK of a long generation UNK by world-wide war and confronted with the problem of adjustment to an unprecedented industrial and social transformation .
The strength of the History is also its weakness .
His delightful picture of society and institutions is filled with warm detail that brings the period vividly to life .
The account of the battle is , next to his descriptions of Garibaldi's campaigns , Trevelyan's outstanding military narrative .
UNK And The Union With Scotland has fewer high spots than UNK and much less of its dramatic unity .
After making a short statement about human rights , and the freedom to travel , I told them I would be going to the Kehl bridge the next morning in order to cross the UNK into Germany .
The real UNK frontier was beyond the town's limits .
UNK by this display of weapons , I looked toward the bridge and there saw , stretched across the near side , a UNK of policemen , their UNK forming a UNK before which stood several French officers in uniform and a small UNK man in a brown UNK .
Your UNK in this respect will be the only witness to your understanding of what I am saying .
`` UNK ? ?
Asked a young UNK Frenchman .
`` I have a small sports shop in Strasbourg '' .
That would be a great help , I told him , UNK him for his UNK .
The special guard , however , was still posted on Kehl bridge .
On the evening of December UNK , Esther noticed my UNK look and UNK voice .
He advised immediate UNK .
`` Jean UNK '' .
He remembered every detail of his UNK movements but nothing of the final , desperate rush to come to grips with the enemy .
His hat was gone , the tears were UNK from his eyes .
On the morning of September 2 the Fourth Corps and the UNK of the Tennessee and the Ohio followed the line of UNK retreat .
The Fourth Corps UNK and carried a small portion of the enemy works but could not hold possession of the gain for want of cooperation from the balance of the line .
The cautious Thomas UNK the note and then , making up his mind that it was genuine , snapped his fingers , UNK and almost UNK in his UNK .
The measure of combat efficiency in an UNK campaign is a matter of personal choice .
UNK were in the air for a year's UNK .
UNK UNK UNK upon Sherman and his army .
In the summary of the principal events of the campaign compiled from the official records there are only ten days which show no fighting .
The use of map coordinates was begun when the senior officers began to select tactical points by UNK a spot as `` near the letter UNK in the word mountain '' .
Then , in some way , this lack of faith in the cavalry became mixed up in his mind with the dragging effect of wagon trains and was hardened into a prejudice .
Second , it could screen its own infantry from the sight of the enemy .
UNK both women knew my position and if anyone suffered in their opinion it was not I '' .
Ever yours sincerely ,
All chance of UNK my destiny is over .
If , as UNK says , `` nearly all his poetry was produced when he was not taking opium '' , there may be some reason to doubt that he was under its influence in the period from 1896 to 1900 when he was writing the poems to Katie King and making plans for another book of verse .
He simply found more work for him to do , and the articles and reviews continued without an evident break .
As he had done on his first UNK UNK a year and a half before , Lewis UNK southeast through Red Russia to UNK .
To UNK what her Navy had won , the UNK was fortunate that , for the first time in Russian history , her land forces enjoyed absolute unity of command under her favorite UNK .
England contributed a young UNK named UNK and the naval architect Samuel UNK , brother to the UNK , who for his UNK commission was UNK a UNK to the Russian fleet .
UNK the UNK tables were always at least a couple of dozen UNK generals .
Right now he found UNK De UNK , that magnificent young UNK he had spotted at UNK four years ago .
The Prince took her with him on every tour around the area , and it was UNK he was UNK her knowledge of UNK as part of his UNK network .
Alexander UNK UNK , now in his UNK year ( ten years UNK senior ) , was a thin , UNK person of less than medium height who looked like a professor of UNK .
But he was UNK engaged in a battle to command his own temper .
better to give an UNK answer than none at all .
his supper was nothing .
He had accordingly cultivated UNK to the point of second nature .
He UNK in verse , could get along well among most of the European languages , and was UNK in French and German .
UNK saw in these UNK UNK not demographic units but military men of a high potential .
He often UNK their UNK costumes , such as the one UNK a tall , black UNK hat from the top of which UNK a little red bag UNK by a chain of UNK lace and UNK ; ;
broad red UNK down the UNK leg ; ;
UNK played parent not just to his UNK but to all his troops .
When their UNK came UNK into camp , they were all elbows , hair , and beard .
The doctor UNK nodded approval .
By this time word had got around that an American doctor was on the premises .
`` You know '' , UNK said to me later , `` I am thinking of setting up the UNK UNK .
Having completed our camera work , we started our climb .
And then perhaps one day we get to Athens .
It had better be good .
My other UNK of art and architectural knowledge -- besides remembering that it was UNK who designed the doors of the UNK in UNK -- is the three styles of Greek columns .
On the way out Mr. UNK UNK up a special hill from which one may obtain a UNK view of the Acropolis lighted by night .
By a combination of music , lighting effects , and UNK , famous events that have UNK in these locations are evoked and UNK for large audiences usually to considerable UNK .
Although open to the general public it is not UNK ; ;
Three beneficial UNK to progress are the lack of water , electricity , and UNK .
Later they would be UNK into place .
I think its UNK had never been UNK before .
But this one was .
Shortly after the `` UNK '' incident , a UNK began to develop between William Woodruff and Governor Pope .
Besides being political allies , they were also friends .
It was at this point that Pike decided to UNK on the bad feelings between the two men .
The governor was not used to having his integrity questioned , and he promptly passed the charges on to Woodruff , demanding that Woodruff answer them .
Woodruff was now UNK on the horns of a dilemma .
For some reason , none of them were impressed with the territorial capital .
Edward UNK , secretary of the colony of Massachusetts Bay , described him as `` a man whose spirit was UNK drunk with UNK and UNK , a UNK of the truth , a UNK of the peace wherever he comes '' .
He was UNK beloved by his UNK , and the Indians , who UNK him , not only as a friend , but one high in communion with God in Heaven '' .
He UNK the Boston hierarchy , and after they sent a small army to get him he UNK the court , including John Cotton , with one of the most complicated religious UNK ever heard .
Gorton and his family moved to Plymouth .
Gorton then moved to Providence and soon put the town in a turmoil .
Williams also stated : `` Our peace was like the peace of a man who UNK the UNK UNK '' .
The settlement was called UNK .
Then Massachusetts switched to its standard tactics .
The attack started on October 2 , UNK , and the UNK held out for a day and a night .
The prisoners agreed , provided they might speak after the sermon , which was permitted .
The Boston elders were great at UNK the opposition with UNK of ecclesiastical UNK , but Gorton was better .
They made the tests and came to Fred ; ;
`` But we aren't going to let you give him any '' .
And in a few minutes Papa was dead .
It was well past midnight .
A UNK sketch followed .
So what Fred and Ralph did was to attempt to UNK the money fairly by taking into account what each of the five had received , if anything , from the estate before Papa's death .
Papa , I should emphasize , had been an UNK the last several years of his life ; ;
Had he been able to escape this long UNK of UNK , I'm convinced , Papa would have left a sizable estate .
I have known Papa to UNK on getting his tax bill , `` we're going to the dogs '' ! !
But he never expected to do that .
But Papa's death had further complicated the financing of UNK UNK third year , and for the weeks following it Tom did not know whether his return to Harvard could be arranged .
I think I'm right in that figure .
he UNK UNK , and particularly of words .
And he threatened someday to write a play `` with fifty , eighty , a hundred people -- a whole town , a whole race , a whole UNK '' .
Tom told me about it , how one evening he went over to see the Theatre UNK man .
The public , Tom said the man told him , wanted realism , and his play wasn't that .
It was not until we had returned to the city to live , while I was still at Brown and UNK , that I felt the full impact of UNK Christianity .
I went to an afternoon service at the Aj .
As we observe moral law and physical law they appear as being inevitable .
Their basis seems deeper than mere authority .
UNK daily work becomes sacred , since it is performed in the field of influence of the moral law , dealing as it does with people as well as with matter and energy .
One serves society by conducting a business from which a certain number of employees draw their means of subsistence ; ;
This intellectual approach to spiritual life suited me well , because I was never content to lead a divided life .
This UNK was blown to bits by the UNK of UNK , the revelation of the complex anatomy of the atom and the discovery of the expanding universe .
It is as if we , in our center of human observation , from time to time penetrate more deeply into the unknown .
Such a list must naturally be selective , and the treatment of each man is brief , for I am interested only in their general ideas on the moral measure of literature .
Even more important , in his Poetics , Aristotle differs somewhat from Plato when he moves in the direction of treating literature as a unique thing , separate and apart from its causes and its effects .
True reality , of course , is the ideal , and the poet knows nothing of this ; ;
By the time they reach that age , however , Aristotle no longer worries about the evil influence of UNK .
He rejects certain plots because they do not contribute to that end .
It may UNK our passions and so restore the rule of reason .
Many students of literature know that classical defense .
For this reason , then I want to describe , first , two examples of the UNK attacks : Stephen UNK The School Of UNK , UNK , and his later UNK UNK , published in UNK .
We find , in the first place , that the students overwhelmingly approve of higher education , UNK evaluate the job their own institution is doing , do not accept most of the criticisms UNK against higher education in the public prints , and , on the whole , approve of the way their university deals with UNK and value UNK .
It is not our impression that these UNK are UNK UNK UNK of UNK ignorance ; ;
In the university UNK of scholarship and research , of social diversity , of new ideas and varied and UNK interests , `` UNK '' into a campus culture apparently means UNK appreciation of the idea of a liberal education in the arts and sciences .
The purely UNK or UNK problems are often acute .
But the correlation is substantial only among UNK .
In other words , as students go through college , those who are most successful UNK tend to become more committed to a `` Bill of Rights '' orientation .
In this sense also , they are surely UNK .
These personal and social goals often UNK the goals of intellectual clarity , and spiritual UNK .
after all , feelings of immortality and UNK are standard illusions of youth .
UNK recently has summarized evidence regarding changes in values during a period of years , primarily UNK , but extending much farther back in some instances .
Morgan was ordered to attack the enemy , who had meantime moved to UNK Hill on the left of the Americans .
In late December , the American army moved from UNK to Valley Forge , and although the distance was only 13 miles , the journey took more than a week because of the bad weather , the UNK and almost naked men .
`` They UNK at such a rate '' , he told the UNK , `` that if the enemy were UNK , they might get two from us , when we would take one of them , which makes me wish General Howe would go on , lest any incident happen to us '' .
But Morgan did not leave before he had written a letter to a William UNK in Salem , Massachusetts , apparently an acquaintance , UNK Washington and saying that the UNK UNK about him were `` opposed by the general current of the people to UNK General UNK at the expense of General Washington was UNK to the latter .
On May 6th , Morgan , who had returned , received from Washington orders to `` send out UNK under UNK officers '' to keep near the enemy .
These were UNK Indians .
UNK is hardly an impartial witness , and even he did not make his charges against UNK until the latter was dead , but there is some truth in what he said and more in what he did not say .
UNK and UNK , with a UNK ambition to which he devoted all his energies , he UNK the English UNK time and time again until , by a kind of poetic justice , he fell at the battle of UNK , the victim of the equally UNK if less articulate UNK .
The English , UNK on a UNK UNK and confronted with superior diplomatic skill , were also UNK in their negotiations by the events that were taking place at home .
The Scots had found a new leader in William UNK , and UNK yearly UNK across the UNK called for UNK taxes , which only increased his difficulties with the UNK and the clergy .
He was unable to send any more help to his allies on the UNK , and during the next few years many of them , left to resist French pressure UNK , surrendered to the inevitable and made their peace with Philip .
Time went on and everybody got older .
They were like two strangers .
Meltzer stayed with Alfred , and when the door opened they both came out .
The car began to move and Harry ran after it crying , `` Alfred ! !
Meltzer was a UNK with the Banks family .
Banks the Butcher was a hard master and a hard father , a man who didn't seem to know the difference between the living flesh of his family and the hanging UNK of his stock in trade .
Later , when I was older , I found the song was part of UNK UNK UNK UNK .
UNK , in fact , had been extensively utilized for this purpose from the time of UNK UNK .
Almost inevitably , the first result of this technological revolution was a reaction against the methods and in many cases the conclusions of the Oxford school of UNK , Freeman and ( particularly ) Green regarding the nature of the Anglo-Saxon conquest of Britain .
By 1913 , UNK UNK could begin an article UNK `` La UNK De La UNK par UNK Saxons '' with the words , `` UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK illusions UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK de UNK UNK de UNK UNK .
In fact , modern scholarly opinion in the main has not retreated all the way back to the destructive UNK of the first half of the nineteenth century .
Most now admit that UNK , UNK , UNK and The Anglo-Saxon UNK cannot be the UNK guides to early English history that UNK , Freeman and Green thought them to be .
UNK Gray in his English Field UNK and UNK Romans , UNK And Saxons defended in part the UNK thesis while at the present time UNK UNK and Gordon UNK seem to fall into the UNK UNK camp .
On the other side are the UNK UNK who have taken a UNK UNK from both these schools of nineteenth century thought .
Moreover , they have done so in rather special circumstances .
in other words its existence belongs to the period of Roman Britain .
So whenever the Romans finally withdrew from the island , the Saxon Shore disappeared in the first decade of the fifth century .
We also know that the Saxon Shore as reflected in the UNK was created as a part of the UNK reorganization of Britain ( post A.D. UNK ) .
My argument is that there was no Saxon Shore prior to that time even though the UNK had been in existence since the time of UNK .
UNK took the proposal to Chief of Staff Hugh L. Scott , who passed it on to Baker a month before the actual declaration of war against Germany .
Baker took the plan to Wilson who said : `` Baker , this is plainly right on any ground .
The result was that by secret agreement draft machinery was actually ready long before the country knew that the device was to take the place of the UNK method which Theodore Roosevelt favored .
it was Baker who thought of lessening the shock , which UNK always brings to a country , by UNK `` UNK from your neighbors '' for the UNK sergeant , and registration in familiar voting places rather than at military installations .
Democratic Speaker UNK Clark saw little difference between a UNK and a UNK .
In early June ten million young men registered by name and number .
it was another to house , feed , and train them .
six days after war was declared he appointed Raymond Fosdick chairman of the Commission on Training Camp UNK ( the UNK ) .
His assignment was not a new one because Baker had sent him to the Mexican border in UNK to investigate UNK newspaper stories about lack of discipline , UNK , and UNK disease in American military camps .
The problem involved military necessity as much as morality , for in UNK days UNK disease was a UNK UNK .
Baker put the `` UNK '' and the saloons out of bounds , ordered the co-operation of military officers with local law authorities , and told communities that the troops would be moved unless wholesome conditions were restored .
From the point of view of popularity the UNK member of the Commission was Walter Camp , the Yale athlete whose UNK was `` the father of American football '' .
In the imagination of the nineteenth century the Greek UNK and Shakespeare stand side by side , their UNK UNK all the immense UNK of historical circumstance , religious belief , and poetic form .
Modern UNK have lost the art of UNK restless spirits back to UNK .
UNK , UNK , and UNK perform their tragic actions before the eyes of the UNK .
UNK an action had possessed the breadth of tragedy only if it involved high UNK and if it occurred in the public view .
They order the manifold levels of reality and moral value along an axis of being which extends from UNK matter to the UNK stars .
The poet was by definition a UNK , his UNK and UNK being natural organizations of reality .
And although they were , as I have indicated , under increasing strain at the time of UNK , they are still alive in his theatre .
And their UNK are not the dramatic poets but the prose UNK .
The conventions into which the UNK tried to breath life no longer UNK to the realities of thought and feeling .
It is thus that the brightness of Helen passes through UNK UNK .
This translation , or rather the fusion of the two ideals , creates the UNK , the `` total art form '' .
He refused his consent to the election of Quiney as UNK in UNK , but gave it at the request of the recorder , his cousin Sir UNK Greville .
In his letter mentioning Shakespeare on January 24 , UNK , Sturley asked Quiney especially that `` UNK might ( be ) UNK Sir UNK UNK some UNK made to the UNK of the Parliament for an ease and discharge of such taxes and UNK UNK our UNK is like to be charged , and I assure UNK I am in great UNK and UNK UNK no UNK UNK to UNK .
Sir UNK UNK is UNK to UNK and from UNK to UNK as I UNK , who UNK well UNK our UNK and UNK be UNK to do us UNK good '' .
This seems to refer , not to the loan Richard had asked for , but to a proposed bargain with Shakespeare .
Further letters in November mention that Sir Edward paid forty pounds .
my mare at coming up 14 days ; ;
He set down that `` I gave Mr. Greene a UNK of UNK and a roll of bread that last morning I went to have his company to Master Attorney '' .
The fall of Rome , the discovery of precious metals , and the Protestant UNK were all UNK and could only be explained and understood by UNK the UNK that preceded and those that followed .
They react in obedience to an instinct or urge which has itself been impelled by natural law .
Adams firmly contended that the historian must never UNK the impact of the geographical environment on history .
However , as a practicing historian , he , himself , has left few clues to the amount of professional scholarship that he used when writing history .
He UNK the impact of German UNK on the writing of history , UNK it a `` UNK UNK '' .
If the historian was convinced of his own UNK , then he should not allow his vision to become UNK by disturbing facts .
It was history that must be in error , not the historian .
No page seems to be complete without the statement of at least one UNK UNK .
J. T. UNK was UNK by such UNK history as that which attributed the fall of the UNK empire to the UNK trade , and he urged Adams to `` transform his essay into a real history , UNK not merely those facts which fit into his theory , but also the UNK and exceptions '' .
Furthermore , he must regard religion as the expression of human forces .
He had not yet undertaken the great exploit of his later years , the UNK of the ancient UNK highway , the route of UNK in UNK , but he had climbed to the original El UNK , the UNK lake of UNK , and he had UNK the southern UNK UNK with its UNK people and looked into the UNK mines of UNK .
He had written to me about a dinner he had had with the UNK monks at St. UNK UNK in Washington .
He felt as I felt about this best of all my books , that it was `` really tops '' .
I could never forget the gaiety with which , when he was both blind and deaf , he let me lead him around his rooms to look at some of the pictures ; ;
Later , rising ninety , he was UNK by publishers for the story of his life and miracles , as he put it , but , calling himself the UNK UNK , he had spent his time writing short articles and long letters and could not get even a small popular book done .
With their UNK generalizations about the United States , these UNK , as they often were , had been great successes .
And she withdrew then to Cromwell Hall , in Cromwell , Connecticut .
He was of UNK mind as to whether he should go abroad when the UNK UNK were finished .
After a dinner party for which she had come down to New York , Mrs. Lewis and UNK arrived to see them off , and UNK UNK made tart observations that indicated that Lewis had been less UNK than he had promised to be about the real nature of their separation .
In London Lewis took the usual suite in UNK Street .
To the newspapers he talked about his UNK life , about his wish to be a UNK once more , about the UNK of American UNK in British speech , about the UNK of the English and the UNK of finding quiet in a railway carriage , about his plans to UNK for two years `` unless stopped and made to write another book '' .
It was a dinner party , Lewis had been drinking during the afternoon , and long before the party really got under way , he was quite drunk , with the result that the party broke up even before dinner was over .
Finally , at dawn , he fell asleep , and when he awoke and came into the living room , he found Lewis in his UNK before the fire , smoking a cigarette .
Blackman said that he wanted to UNK for not having prevented Lewis from making that horrible spectacle of himself , that he should have seized him by the neck at once and UNK hauled him into his bedroom .
Lewis looked at him and began to cry , and then , saying that he was going to make a promise , he asked Blackman to call the porter and to tell him to take out all the liquor that he did not want .
He suggested that they call on these brothers , who received them pleasantly .
He said , `` We had a good time tonight , didn't we , Earl '' ? ?
Earl agreed , and Lewis said that it would have been very different if his wife had been with him .
He smoked , as did everybody , and UNK the various UNK UNK of that day , although his UNK while at Cambridge and after that he was no UNK point to reasonable UNK from the wild drinking UNK of some of the undergraduates and , we must add , of some of their elders including many of the UNK or teachers .
It is not a question of truth or UNK ; ;
But the real beginnings of this development in him go back to the opposing of UNK school , and probably if it had not been this occasion and these Latin lines it would have been some others , such as the first UNK , that set off this streak in him of UNK and UNK verbal attack on an enemy .
No other names among the young men in residence at the time seem to have been even suggested by Milton as those of persons with whom he in any way UNK .
Ray UNK UNK UNK ( 1954 ) presents a UNK society in which wall television and UNK radios UNK men's minds ; ;
Since the great flood of these dystopias has appeared only in the last twelve years , it seems fairly reasonable to assume that the chief UNK was the 1949 publication of UNK UNK , an assumption which is supported by the frequent echoes of such details as Room UNK , along with education by conditioning from UNK New World , a book to which science-fiction writers may well have returned with new interest after reading the more powerful UNK UNK .
Like ours , the economy of the space merchants must constantly expand in order to survive , and , like ours , it is based on the principle of `` ever increasing UNK work and profits in the circle of consumption '' .
As UNK explains , `` Here in this profession we reach into the souls of men and women .
Indeed , again and again , the space merchants confirm the prediction of the UNK that the UNK and UNK scientists , once they have seen through human nature , will have nothing except their impulses and desires to guide them .
`` Young for his age '' means only the presence of some minor characteristic not quite usual .
An assumption of youth , or the presence of a few youthful characteristics , UNK no more successfully than UNK or UNK hair .
age may be UNK , believing and much given to UNK of optimism .
But there is , nevertheless , always a subtle difference in the way in which supposedly similar opinions are held .
We cannot UNK say of anyone who has succeeded in entering deep into his sixties that he was never old .
Those famous lines of the Greek UNK with which a UNK beauty UNK her mirror at the UNK of a UNK reveal a wise attitude : `` Venus , take my UNK glass , Since I am not what I was , What from this day I shall be , Venus , let me never see '' .
At least I should like them to know that I know these UNK are being made .
The favorite excuse of those who have now UNK their approval of communism is that they did not know how things would develop .
It concerns a UNK minister who staged an impressive object lesson by UNK a lion and a UNK together in the same cage outside his church door .
One day he was visited by a delegation of UNK UNK who wanted to know his secret .
there is no trick involved .
All you have to do is put in a fresh UNK from time to time '' .
In fact I cannot imagine myself UNK a man to the UNK or the electric chair if I had to take , as an individual , the responsibility for his death .
Should no murderer ever be executed '' ? ?
The whole purpose of Man's Hope is to UNK the tragic UNK between means and ends inherent in all organized political violence -- and even when such violence is a necessary and legitimate UNK of liberty , justice and human dignity .
`` and the more the action claims to be total , the smaller is the part of man engaged '' .
The Walnut Trees Of UNK is composed in the form of a UNK , with the two small side panels framing and UNK the main central episode of the novel .
The narrator feels himself catching a glimpse of UNK , learning of man's `` UNK familiarity with misfortune '' , as well as his `` equally UNK UNK , his secret faith in endurance , however UNK with UNK , the same faith perhaps as the UNK used to have in the face of UNK '' .
Is this not Malraux himself UNK to his own earlier UNK with the ideological ? ?
but he quickly involves himself in the Young UNK revolutionary movement to such an extent that his own country begins to doubt his patriotism .
A slow and painful trend toward unification has taken hold , a trend which may at any time be arrested and reversed but which may also lead to a binding UNK of Europe .
The UNK Conference of UNK is available as a potential legislative authority .
The burden of these reflections is that a broader unity among the free nations is at the core of our needs .
A realistic UNK of the need for new forms of international organization on the one hand , and our capacity to achieve them on the other , must be approached through the concept of `` community '' .
History has demonstrated many times that concerts of nations based solely on the negative spur of common danger are unlikely to survive when the external danger UNK to be dramatically urgent .
Only when a concert of nations rests on the positive foundations of shared goals and values is it likely to form a UNK instrument of long-range policy .
A working concept of the organic evolution of community must lead us in a different direction .
A `` concert of free nations '' should take its inspiration from the traditions of the nineteenth century UNK of Europe with its common values and accepted `` rules of the game '' .
UNK of and by themselves mean little ; ;
Even musicians themselves have taken to writing poetry .
) The stated goal of the UNK is the synthesis of jazz and `` serious '' music .
From the beginning of his career , Patchen has adopted an UNK approach to poetry .
Patchen believes that the world is being destroyed by UNK and UNK people .
In UNK eyes , organized churches are as UNK as organized governments , and Christian symbols , having been taken over by the UNK classes , are now agents of corruption .
Many of his poems UNK to be exactly contemporary and political ; ;
The private detective is militant against injustice , a humorous and ironic UNK of the underworld ; ;
He has , like so many other secular and religious culture symbols , gone over to the side of the ruling classes .
The immense amount of interest that the new jazz had for the younger generation must have impressed him , and he began working toward the merger of jazz and poetry , as he had previously attempted the union of UNK art and poetry .
he usually draws some kind of comparison with the jazz tradition and the poem he is reading -- for instance , he draws the parallel between a poem he reads about an Oriental UNK waiting for the man she loves , and who never comes , and the old blues UNK of Ma UNK and other Negro singers -- but usually the comparison is UNK .
These new poems have only a few direct references to jazz and jazz musicians , but they show changes in UNK approach to his poetry , for he has tried to enter into and understand the emotional attitude of the jazz musician .
His approach to music is highly UNK ; ;
While he is worldly , the musician often UNK public attitudes of UNK UNK and UNK .
he is far from being a literary hero , yet is a creative artist .
UNK that none of us knew anything but UNK and poverty .
Can't hold her little white UNK ! !
each is so typical that it represents a prominent trend in the poet's development .
Perhaps Patchen was once involved in a train accident , and this passage from First Will And Testament may have been how the accident appeared to the poet when he first saw it -- if he did : ``
But I've got news for Krim : he's not typical , he's pretty special .
In any case , who ever thought that New York is typical of anything ? ?
they did not fall into UNK jobs on UNK magazines , but they did whatever UNK thing they could get in order to eat ; ;
Some of us have imagination and sensibility too .
Finally , there is the UNK fact that some of the finest American fiction is being written by Jews , but it is not Jewish fiction ; ;
It was `` the creation of a monstrous historical period UNK it thought it had to UNK literature and politics and UNK art of every kind with its writers UNK trying to UNK each other in UNK UNK .
God knows that Partisan and the rest often were , and remain , guilty of intellectual UNK .
The process of UNK had begun in earnest about 1912 , but the First War and the depression virtually UNK that process in its tracks .
) , George Jean UNK and Alexander UNK were honored in odd quarters , and the whole UNK UNK , UNK UNK ( UNK ) , ) UNK , Buck , , Amy UNK , William UNK UNK atmosphere lay thick as Los Angeles UNK
UNK movements are the '' , creation of UNK who live off writers .
) when Krim says mine was as severe a UNK , environment as can be imagined , he is off his UNK .
He indicates that he has none of the , UNK that criticism requires , including education ; ;
No one was ever educated through UNK in anything other than , to quote him again , `` UNK UNK .
UNK are the UNK to nowhere .
An Italian poet had noticed UNK policemen UNK around the area of UNK Palace , the first time since the war .
We saw UNK UNK at a party once in a while , tall , lean , nervous and handsome , and , in our opinion , the best novelist of them all except UNK , and UNK is dead .
Now the park is filled with marble UNK and all the streets in the immediate area have the full and proper names of the men who fell .
The UNK looked at him , UNK and amazed , angry .
He had made an assault once with 180 men .
It was a picked assault company .
The whole thing , from the moment when they jumped heavily off the trucks , spread out and moved into position just behind the cover of that slight rise of ground and then jumped off , took maybe between twenty and thirty minutes .
The UNK looked at him , let the color drain out of his face , grinned , and looked down into his drink , a bad UNK made with raw Italian gin .
`` UNK me '' , the European said .
There is a bronze wreath on the wall .
He was , thus , an early and spectacular victim .
I said I would do it for her .
The Small Business Administration ( SBA ) provides guidance and advice on sources of technical information relating to small business management and research and development of products .
UNK specialists in SBA regional offices are available to help individual small business concerns with technical production problems .
UNK specialists are available in SBA regional offices to help individual small business concerns with technical production problems .
It is kept in each UNK office for the small firms within the region .
Boston , Mass. ; ;
Minneapolis , UNK ; ;
New UNK Introduction For Small Business UNK , 30 cents ; ;
Credit requirements
The credit requirements UNK that the applicant must have the ability to operate the business successfully and have enough capital in the business so that , with loan assistance from the SBA , it will be able to operate on a sound financial basis .
UNK
For further information , contact SBA UNK UNK in Atlanta , UNK ; ;
UNK material
SBA Business UNK ; ;
UNK
Each applicant is required to own or have sufficient interest in the property to be explored .
A UNK royalty is paid on any production during the period the contract is in effect ; ;
Others have so-called development plans , but some of these are little more than lists of projects collected from various UNK while others are statements of goals without analysis of the actions required to attain them .
it must express the nation's own will and goal .
and administrative practices which will make possible the more effective review and UNK of programs once established .
.
D .
There are many others .
( C ) tapping the energies of the entire population .
Otherwise , development will not lead to UNK stability .
UNK a long-term approach
Development requires a long-term approach
They must be persuaded to adopt the other necessary self-help measures which are described in the preceding section .
So , I say , Mr. Speaker , God bless you and keep you for many years not only for this body but for the United States of America and the free world .
To honor him is to honor ourselves .
And , if we follow the Rayburn pattern , as consciously or by an UNK political sense I like to think I have followed it , then the very nature of our loyalty to our own immediate areas must necessarily be reflected in the devotion of our services to our country .
And the name Rayburn is one of the most dominant in the history of American politics for the last half century .
It is , I insist , hard to define the Rayburn contribution to our political civilization because it is so massive and so widespread and so complicated , and because it goes so deep .
Although Sam Rayburn affects a UNK UNK in many instances , nevertheless he is fundamentally a man of warm heart and gentle disposition .
( 5 )
With few exceptions UNK on state business are allowed actual travel expenses and UNK per day subsistence .
UNK of state automobile practices
Few records are available concerning the subject prior to 1940 .
It does not indicate loose management , UNK controls or poor policy .
It was UNK the responsibility of the Department of Public Works and was financed on a UNK fund basis with each agency of government contributing to the pool's operation .
Under this new management considerable progress appears to have been made .
Whereas the maintenance UNK fund had in the past sustained losses considerably beyond expectations , the introduction of the UNK system plus other control UNK has resulted in keeping the fund on a proper working basis .
Moreover , it allows the present management to UNK vehicles so that mileage will be more UNK distributed throughout the fleet ; ;
From this , motor pool personnel develop other meaningful and related data .
In UNK , vehicles averaged an operating cost of UNK per mile .
Unit prices for state vehicles are invariably lower than to the general public .
Probably the most important of all matters for review are the broad administrative policies governing the purchase , assignment , use , and management of state vehicles .
The UNK role in policy determination in this area for years has been confined almost solely to the amount of funds appropriated annually for the purchase and operation of vehicles .
The more meaningful policies have been left to the judgment of the chief administrative officer of the state -- the Director of Administration .
The Rhode Island property tax
Both boats and aircraft would fall within this category , as well as motor vehicles .
Obviously , it would be impossible to determine where every vehicle might be on the UNK day of December .
A recent example of this problem is the flying of six airplanes , on December 31 , 1960 , from the Newport UNK in UNK , to the North Central Airport in UNK .
UNK of value .
This problem of fair and equitable assessment of value is a difficult one to solve in that the determination of fair valuation is dependent on local assessors , who in general are UNK and part-time personnel taking an UNK approach to the problem .
To determine the practice and attitude of municipal governments concerning tangible movable property , a questionnaire was sent to all local government assessors or boards of assessors in Rhode Island .
It is difficult to UNK exactly what was meant in each individual situation , but the conclusion may be drawn that 21 towns do not UNK movable personal property , and of the remainder only certain types are valued for tax purposes .
On this point there was fairly general agreement that assessors would like to do more than they are doing now .
Interest has been shown for a number of years by local assessors in the possibility of taxing boats .
It has been estimated that the value of boats in Rhode Island waters is something in excess of fifty million dollars , excluding commercial boats .
It is obvious that this is a potential and UNK source of revenue for the assessors of those towns where a substantial amount of such property would be subject to taxation .
The UNK association , meeting at Narragansett in September 1960 , devoted its session to a discussion of the boat problem .
What made these new location figures particularly impressive was the fact that although 1960 was a year of mild business recession throughout the nation , Rhode Island scored marked progress in new industry , new plants , and new jobs .
A primary function is the operation of a Government UNK Center , which receives UNK daily from the Federal Government's principal purchasing agencies .
During the past year , UNK government bid invitations were received and UNK procurement leads were mailed to Rhode Island manufacturers .
Richard UNK , executive director of the New Hampshire State Planning and Development Commission , and Edwin C. UNK of General Electric Company .
UNK and publications
UNK copies of the R. I. UNK Of UNK were distributed : UNK UNK and UNK UNK .
( 1 )
among the operating departments of the state ; ;
The state development budget will reflect the capital needs of all the state agencies and the priority of the projects in the budget will be based on the state plan .
( 7 )
The basic UNK phase of the program has been completed and the inventory phase is scheduled for completion July 1 , 1961 .
The collection of information is meaningless unless it is understood and used for a definite purpose .
It is not within the scope of this report to elaborate in any great detail upon special districts in Rhode Island .
It enables towns to make more economical purchases and to take advantage of cash UNK .
When towns have the same fiscal year it is relatively easy to make meaningful UNK ; ;
and as the cost of local government increases , the demand for such comparison also increases .
This type of UNK can be reduced to a minimum if UNK UNK payment of taxes is instituted and the first payment placed near the opening of the fiscal year .
UNK .
These involve more the mechanics employed in adjusting to fiscal uniformity than they do actual disadvantages to the principle .
Little can be done about the changing of dates .
It should be kept in mind that the ease or difficulty with which a town or city can convert to the proposed plan is directly dependent upon the financial condition of that town or city .
Second , the shift to a uniform July 1 to June 30 fiscal year will , of itself , improve the tax collection calendars of the great majority of cities and towns .
An analysis of the fiscal tax collection year calendars throughout the state indicates that transition may not be as painful as is commonly thought .
UNK adjustments .
The President of the United States , pursuant to a Joint UNK of Congress , has issued a proclamation each year since 1933 declaring May UNK to be National UNK Day .
The day is now UNK set aside to honor the American men and women who have contributed to the success of our merchant marine fleet in peace and war .
and now , therefore , do I , John A. Notte , Jr. , governor of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , proclaim Tuesday , October 24th , 1961 , as United Nations day , calling upon all our citizens to engage in appropriate UNK , UNK faith in the United Nations and thereby contributing to a better understanding of the aims of the United Nations throughout the land .
They could not guess that from their concepts of liberty and freedom would some day be born a new nation that for years would be the symbol of hope to the UNK countries of the world .
John A. Notte Jr. ,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Act of July 3 , 1952 ( UNK UNK UNK ) as amended ( 42 UNK UNK ) , is further amended to read as follows : Section 1 .
In view of the increasing shortage of usable surface and ground water in many parts of the Nation and the importance of finding new sources of supply to meet its present and future water needs , it is the policy of the Congress to provide for the development of practicable low-cost means for the large-scale production of water of a quality suitable for municipal , industrial , agricultural , and other beneficial UNK uses from saline water , and for studies and research related thereto .
( B )
recommend to the Congress from time to time UNK for construction and operation , or for participation in the construction and operation , of a demonstration plant for any process which he determines , on the basis of UNK ( A ) and ( B ) above , has great promise of UNK the purposes of this Act , such recommendation to be accompanied by a report on the size , location , and cost of the proposed plant and the engineering and economic details with respect thereto ; ;
cause UNK UNK to be made of promising projects , domestic and foreign , and , in the case of projects located in the United States , cooperate and participate in their development in instances in which the purposes of this Act will be served thereby ; ;
cooperate with other Federal departments and agencies , with State and local departments , agencies , and UNK , and with interested persons , firms , institutions , and organizations .
( A )
( B )
and ( C ) to finance , for not more than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to UNK , coordinate , and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this Act : UNK , That funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject to the approval of the Secretary of State to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the United States , be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the United States : And provided further , That every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection UNK shall be available without cost to the United States for the use of the United States throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the United States .
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Secretary of the Interior is UNK authorized and directed to make or cause to be made a study covering -- ( 1 )
Sec. 2 .
3 .
From 1 July 1960 through 31 January 1961 , six courses were conducted : Workshop in UNK Training in Pathology , Pathology of UNK of Laboratory UNK , UNK of UNK of Pathology , UNK Pathology , UNK UNK UNK , and UNK Pathology .
4 .
and the study of structural changes in M. UNK and other UNK .
In addition to maintaining a permanent central file of illustrations of diseases , wounds , and injuries of military importance , it provides facilities for clinical photography , UNK , and medical arts , and operates a printing plant , by permission of Congressional Committee , for publication of an `` Atlas of UNK Pathology '' .
During this period , a total of UNK exhibits were presented at UNK medical and scientific meetings .
Of these exhibits , UNK were newly constructed .
and UNK War UNK in support of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ) UNK .
6 .
These UNK are sponsored by 18 national medical , dental , and UNK societies and have as their mission the UNK of selected cases of interest to military medicine and of establishing through the mechanism of follow-up of living patients the natural history of various diseases of UNK importance .
Nine new teaching UNK Conference sets were prepared , which makes a total of 70 types of teaching sets for loan .
UNK specimens were UNK for study purposes .
A three-dimensional exhibit UNK `` A Century Of Naval UNK '' was formally presented to The Director by George S. UNK , UNK of the founder of E. R. UNK and Sons , for permanent display in the Museum .
Throughout the period and during the movement operation , the Museum continued its functional support of the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology .
UNK , on the many ships at sea and in the smaller naval stations , the availability of the Journal removed the necessity of UNK to several additional UNK of civilian origin over and above the quantity now authorized , in order to provide any reasonably comparable coverage .
UNK features were published on historical medicine , special reports , UNK , and `` UNK UNK '' .
This is used as a reference for comparing the UNK heating and the electrical energy obtained from the measured current through the element and the measured voltage across the element .
Laboratory measurements of UNK radio spectra .
therefore , only with precise UNK of the line frequencies is an UNK search for the radio spectra of these molecules feasible .
To secure precise measurements of these frequencies , a research program in free radical UNK UNK has been started .
Such an UNK provides a means of absolute temperature measurement , and may be used as an alternative to the gas thermometer .
UNK transducer for UNK measurements .
Over a temperature range from 25 to 200 Af and at pressures up to 250 UNK , an UNK of 300 UNK , applied for a period of one day , results in an uncertainty in the pressure of , at most , one UNK of mercury .
These data are not of the precision obtainable by the methods previously mentioned , but the vast number of approximate values available will be useful in many areas .
The Commission shall notify all UNK of the approval or denial of their claims , stating the reasons and grounds UNK , and if approved , shall notify such UNK of the amount for which such claims are approved .
Any claimant whose claim is denied , or is approved for less than the full amount of such claim , shall be entitled , under such regulations as the Commission may UNK , to a hearing before the Commission , or its duly authorized representatives , with respect to such claim .
The Commission shall UNK with the UNK of the UNK UNK Act of 1946 except as otherwise specifically provided by this title .
The Commission shall UNK to the Secretary of State , upon his request , copies of the formal UNK of claims filed pursuant to subsection ( B ) of Section 4 of this Act for transmission to the foreign government concerned .
UNK to the limitations UNK provided , the Secretary of the Treasury is authorized and directed to pay , as prescribed by Section 8 of this Title , an amount not UNK the principal of each award , plus UNK interests on such awards as bear interest , certified pursuant to Section 5 of this Title , in accordance with the award .
Such payments , and applications for such payments , shall be made in accordance with such regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury may UNK .
( 2 )
Sec. 8 .
a special fund created for that purpose pursuant to subsection ( A ) of this section any amounts UNK paid , in United States dollars , by a foreign government which has entered into a claims settlement agreement with the Government of the United States as described in subsection ( A ) of Section 4 of this Title .
and ( 5 )
The Secretary of State shall UNK to the Secretary of the Treasury the total cost of UNK , not borne by the UNK , UNK to the Yugoslav Claims Agreement of 1948 .
Mr. UNK .
Mr. Speaker , for several years now the commuter railroads serving our large metropolitan areas have found it increasingly difficult to render the kind of service our expanding population wants and is entitled to have .
There have been a number of sound plans proposed .
``
Mr. UNK .
Somehow , the pictures and stories of Soviet UNK tanks on Cuban beaches and Russian UNK jet fighters UNK rebel troops has brought home to all of us the UNK , UNK truth of what it means to have a Russian military base 90 miles away from home .
Russian tanks and planes in Cuba UNK the security of the United States , UNK the Monroe Doctrine , and threaten the security of every other Latin American republic .
For years the United States had been trying to get these countries to UNK UNK representative from secret military talks .
But it took the pictures of the UNK and the UNK tanks to do the job .
A naval blockade would be thoroughly in line with the Monroe Doctrine , would be a relatively simple operation to carry out , and would bring an abrupt end to Soviet penetration of our hemisphere '' .
Look at Castro now -- UNK than ever with arms and agents to threaten the UNK .
Among these questions : what would a Cuba blockade take ? ?
The Navy , on April 25 , announced it is bringing back the carrier UNK from the Mediterranean , increasing to four the number of attack carriers in the UNK of Cuba .
To round out the UNK force , submarines would be needed -- to locate , identify and track approaching vessels .
Once these conditions of international law are met , countries that try to run the blockade do so at their own risk .
In a total blockade , action could also be taken against ships bringing in UNK , oils , textiles , and even UNK .
Under the law as it existed until 1943 , the Federal Government made grants to the States on the basis of population , matching State expenditures on a UNK basis .
The following table shows , for selected years , the authorizations , appropriations , allotment base , Federal grants to States and State matching funds for this part of the grant program :
Determine the ratio of 50% to the average per capita income of the U. S. ( UNK 50 by the result obtained in item 2 above .
( Alaska and Hawaii had fixed allotment UNK in effect prior to fiscal year 1962 .
( See UNK of Data , below for population data to be used in this step .
( UNK result obtained in item 7 above , by result obtained in item 6 above .
) 12 .
As is the case with the allotment provisions for support of vocational rehabilitation services , the matching requirements are also based on a statutory formula .
UNK in 1960 , the matching requirements for the base allotment are being adjusted ( upward or downward , as required ) 25% a year , so that by 1963 the entire support allotment will be matched on the basis of a 40% UNK State share , with maximum and minimum State shares of 50% and UNK , respectively .
)
( For details see UNK , fig. 5 .
These boards are nailed to the roof beams by reaching up through the open space between the beams , from inside the shelter .
( See fig. 7 .
UNK are an alternative .
This shelter could be built in regions where water or rock is close to the surface , making it UNK to build an underground shelter .
The materials for a UNK shelter would cost about UNK .
The shelter would provide almost absolute fallout protection .
UNK metal shelter
An underground reinforced concrete shelter can be built by a UNK for about $1,000 to UNK , depending on the type of entrance .
The same shelter could be built into an UNK or below ground level .
UNK have shown that such a device , with a fresh battery , will furnish light continuously for at least 10 days .
UNK , or materials to build them , may have to be put inside the enclosure before the shelter walls are completed .
To break the monotony it may be necessary to invent tasks that will keep the family busy .
A record should be kept of the information and instructions , including the time and date of broadcast .
The UNK problems of living in a shelter will begin as soon as the shelter is occupied .
It would take the chill from the shelter in the beginning .
UNK clothing and UNK , of course , are essential .
Some families already have held weekend UNK in their home shelters to learn the problems and to determine for themselves what supplies they would need .
This claim , as submitted to the District Court and dismissed by it , UNK UNK , alleged violation not only of 7 of the Clayton Act , but also of 1 and 2 of the Sherman Act .
'' UNK U. S. , at UNK .
that General UNK share of the market for these products was substantial ; ;
'' UNK U. S. , at UNK .
The Government , UNK these suggestions inadequate , had urged that any judgment include UNK of Du Pont's shares of General Motors .
Under its plan Du Pont would retain its General Motors shares but be required to pass on to its stockholders the right to vote those shares .
General Motors UNK contended that the Government plan would not be `` in the public interest '' as required by the mandate of this Court .
Petitioner was not entitled to have the hearing officer's notes and report , especially since he failed to show any particular need for them and he did have a copy of the Department of UNK recommendation to the appeal board .
He was not UNK , however , and his case was subsequently UNK , in the light of UNK v. United States , UNK U.S. UNK ( 1955 ) .
Petitioner knew that the Department's recommendation was based not on the hearing officer's report but on the statement of the local board in his file .
Having had every opportunity to UNK the finding of the local board before both the hearing officer and the appeal board , petitioner cannot now claim that he was denied due process because he did not succeed .
Moreover , his testimony at trial never developed any such facts .
Even if we were not bound by UNK , petitioner here would not be entitled to the report .
Sometimes those who know about them are too far down the line to be able to do anything about them .
If the Department of State is to take primary responsibility for foreign policy in Washington , it follows that the ambassador is expected to take charge overseas .
He knows that he is thinking about action in relation to a future which can be perceived but dimly through a UNK fog .
He will not be surprised to find that general principles produce conflicting results in the factual situation with which he is confronted .
He will know that general policy papers written months before may not fit his problem because of crucial changes in circumstance .
If action is indicated , what kind of action is relevant to the problem ? ?
UNK for the opinions of mankind
What the American people will do turns in large degree on their leadership .
The problem in the policy officer's mind thus begins to take shape as a UNK of utterly complicated factors -- political , military , economic , financial , legal , legislative , procedural , administrative -- to be UNK out and handled within a political system which moves by consent in relation to an external environment which cannot be under control .
Some special health requirements might have to be met .
The idea of a Peace Corps has captured the imagination of a great many people .
How and when should the Peace Corps be launched ? ?
The need here is most clearly felt and our capacity to recruit and train qualified volunteers in a short period of time is greatest .
Our aim must be to learn as much as we teach .
As you said in your State of the Union message , `` The problems are towering and unprecedented -- and the response must be towering and unprecedented as well '' .
Throughout the world the people of the newly developing nations are struggling for economic and social progress which reflects their deepest desires .
UNK and complete wildlife habitat management and improvement plans for all administrative units , assuring proper coordination between wildlife habitat management and other resources .
2 .
UNK of UNK control objectives with timber management activities to reduce losses .
UNK these levels of protection from fire calls for : 1 .
UNK and use of new and modern techniques being developed for prevention , for suppression of fires while small , and for stopping large fires while running and burning intensely .
Both of these systems are essential for the production , development , and use of the National Forests .
( D )
The existence of road systems permits an intensity of management and use for all National Forest purposes that is not otherwise possible .
About 80 percent of these long-range requirements should be met by the year UNK .
UNK the construction and reconstruction of about UNK miles of UNK roads and UNK miles of trails .
Within UNK boundaries of National Forests and National UNK , there are about UNK acres in UNK ownership .
The long-range objective is to bring about consolidation of ownership through use of land exchange authority and through purchase on a moderate scale of UNK which comprise key UNK for recognized National Forest programs such as recreation development , or which are a source of damage to lands in National Forests and National UNK .
Forces and military personnel strength .
I have requested the Secretary of Defense to UNK the roles and missions of the reserve components in relation to those of the active forces and in the light of the changing requirements of modern warfare .
These expenditures are estimated to be UNK billion , an increase of UNK million over 1960 , reflecting additional UNK pay of career personnel , more UNK , an increased number of men drawing UNK pay , and social security tax increases ( effective for the full year in 1961 compared with only 6 months in 1960 ) .
UNK , rates of pay for retired military personnel have been proportionate to current rates of pay for active personnel .
The 1958 military pay act departed from this established formula by providing for a UNK increase rather than a proportionate increase for everyone retired prior to its effective date of June 1 , 1958 .
Thus , the need for the UNK as a strategic weapon system is doubtful .
By that time we should be in a much better position to determine the value of that aircraft as a weapon system .
1 .
The terms and conditions of the loan and other provisions will be set forth in a separate agreement by the two Governments .
Article 3 , deposit of rupees
The Government of India agrees to furnish , upon request of the United States of America , information on the progress of the program , particularly with respect to the arrival and condition of commodities and the provisions for the maintenance of usual UNK , and information relating to exports of the same or like commodities .
The two Governments will , upon the request of either of them , consult regarding any matter relating to the application of this Agreement or to the operation of arrangements carried out pursuant to this Agreement .
The Government of India will provide facilities for the UNK of the rupee equivalent of UNK million ( up to a maximum of $1 million per year ) accruing under the subject agreement for agricultural market development purposes into UNK other than United States dollars on request of the Government of the United States of America .
( B )
The interest rate will be similar to those prevailing in India on comparable loans and the UNK will be consistent with the purposes of the financing .
Within sixty days after the UNK of notice that the Export-Import Bank is prepared to act favorably upon an application the Department of Economic Affairs will indicate to the Export-Import Bank whether or not the Department of Economic Affairs has any objection to the proposed loan .
Industry , including the production of UNK , UNK and power , transport and communications , and credit institutions ; ;
Class 2 , stations operating on clear channels are required to cease operation or operate under nighttime restrictions beginning either at local sunset ( for daytime class 2 , stations ) or sunset at the location of the dominant class 1 , station where located west of the class 2 , station ( for UNK class 2 , stations ) .
It was recognized that skywave signals , because of their reflected nature , are of great UNK and subject to wide UNK in strength .
( 2 )
Such additional daytime class 2 , assignments are appropriate if optimum use is to be made of these frequencies , and the Commission has over the years made a large number of them .
The filing of an original or amended declaration , otherwise due on January 15 , 1962 , is also UNK , if you file your Form 1040 for 1961 and pay the full tax by January 31 , 1962 .
This bill should be paid within 30 days .
UNK by check or money order .
UNK .
UNK deduct expenses of travel , meals and UNK while away from home in connection with the performance of their services as employees .
If you are a life UNK , you deduct UNK depreciation and depletion .
Certain other deductions are not allowed in determining Adjusted Gross Income .
2 .
His income is not required to be included in the return of his parent .
He may get a tax refund .
For the making of selections on the basis of excellence requires that any foundation making the selections shall have available the judgments of a corps of UNK whose judgments are known to be good : such judgments can be known to be good only by the records of those selected , by records made subsequent to their selection over considerable periods of time .
For this concept of an Advisory Board , UNK to the Board of Trustees , we are indebted to the late President of Harvard University , A. Lawrence UNK , a master of the subject of the structure of cultural institutions and their administration .
and quality of advice , added to devotion to the Foundation's purposes and ideals , we do get from our Advisory Board in measures so full that they can be appreciated only by those of us who work here every day .
Dr. Gordon N. Ray , UNK , UNK and Professor of English in the University of Illinois , was appointed UNK Secretary General .
and lawyers -- with the great virtues that they are trained to read `` the fine print '' carefully and are able out of professional experience to arrive at imaginative solutions to difficult problems in many fields -- are indispensable even in a foundation office .
Jefferson writing the Declaration of Independence amid the UNK of revolution ; ;
Winston UNK UNK , optimistic and UNK UNK when Britain stood alone against the armed forces of tyranny less than twenty years ago ; ;
Hence , the condition of freedom is a necessary condition for choice .
As heretofore , our UNK are available to assist research in all fields of knowledge and creative effort in all the arts .
We do not favor one field over another : we think that all inquiry , all scholarly and artistic creation , is good -- provided only that it contributes to a sense and understanding of the true ends of life , as all UNK scholarship and artistic creation does .
When the Brown & Sharpe UNK Company reached its UNK year as a going industrial concern during 1958 , it became an almost unique institution in the mechanical world .
With its history standing UNK all but the very beginnings of the industrial revolution , Brown & Sharpe has become over the years a singular monument to the mechanical UNK of its founder , Joseph R. Brown , and a UNK UNK for precision and progress in UNK technology .
The young apprentice apparently did well by Mr. Brown , for in the third year of his UNK UNK was offered a full partnership in the firm ; ;
Several efforts were made in this direction , and though not all of them survive to this day , the Brown & Sharpe wire UNK system was eventually adopted as the American standard and is still in common use today .
As one development followed another , the company's reputation for precision in the graduating field brought it broader and broader opportunities for expansion in precision manufacture .
Thus was invented the single thread sewing machine , which Mr. Gibbs in partnership with Mr. UNK decided to bring to Brown & Sharpe with the proposal that the small company undertake its manufacture .
During the Civil War period Mr. Brown also invented the Brown & Sharpe formed tooth gear UNK , a basic invention which ultimately UNK the world's gear manufacturing industry by changing its basic economics .
The UNK UNK , as a common workshop tool , also UNK much to J. R. Brown .
Along with J. R. Brown's other major developments , the universal grinding machine was profoundly influential in setting the course of Brown & Sharpe for many years to come .
In 1951 , Henry D. Sharpe , Jr. succeeded his father and continued the company's development as a major factor in the UNK equipment business .
The UNK UNK Division is currently producing Brown & Sharpe single spindle automatic screw machines , grinding machines of many types , and knee and UNK milling machines .
Recently added is the Brown & Sharpe UNK drilling machine which UNK the company to an entirely new field of tool development .
UNK income was UNK , or UNK per share on UNK common shares currently outstanding , as compared to UNK or UNK per share in 1959 , adjusted to the same number of shares .
This machine , operating at speeds up to UNK revolutions per minute , is believed to provide one of the fastest mechanical operations in industry today .
UNK machines
A new spinning UNK machine has been developed to UNK the use of our UNK machine in the production of UNK UNK .
We are interested in further UNK into other fields of capital goods , or components for industrial products , and have recently UNK our efforts in that direction .
UNK we will import the UNK materials and UNK from France but later we will manufacture in this country .
There is a rapidly growing demand for this material , primarily from the military .
Early in August we broke ground for a new UNK plant in Warwick , Rhode Island , which will house our textile and coil winding machinery operations .
However , its modern UNK UNK is designed to increase our production capacity , permit more efficient manufacturing , and substantially reduce current repair and maintenance costs .
UNK financing of construction costs is provided by a short term loan from The Chase Manhattan Bank .
The basic market for textiles is growing with the expansion of the population that began 20 years ago .
Student religious organizations are UNK under the Religious UNK Committee , a standing committee of the Carleton Student Association .
UNK
The physical education program for men recognizes the value of participation in competitive sports in the development of the individual student and aims to give every man an opportunity to enter some form of athletic competition , either UNK or UNK .
A student who while in attendance at Carleton College participates in an athletic contest during the school year , other than that sponsored by the College , shall be permanently UNK to participate in UNK UNK at Carleton College and will also face permanent suspension from the institution .
Women's Recreation Association .
The purpose of the organization is to further the interest of women students in recreational activities as a means of promoting physical efficiency , UNK , and `` play for UNK sake '' .
The UNK present a UNK water show the week of the May UNK .
Throughout the year there are social events , such as UNK , breakfast UNK , canoe trips , UNK , and UNK parties .
College publications
and a special Bulletin in June .
At intervals an UNK UNK is issued .
The magazine , edited by members of the Carleton Department of English , includes contributions by authors from both within and beyond the Carleton community .
Over a hundred students participate in the planning and production of the daily program schedule .
UNK provides experience for students who wish to pursue careers in radio .
sales and production of home sets were about equal at UNK million units .
1960 witnessed another substantial increase in our industry's shipments of military electronics , which UNK about UNK billion compared to UNK billion in 1959 .
Still later , the realm of space technology will show substantial gains ; ;
UNK by the continuing rapid growth of electronic data processing , sales of industrial and commercial electronic equipment UNK UNK billion compared to UNK billion in 1959 .
The appointment was made in a move to expand the engineering services offered to the designers of electronic systems through assistance in UNK UNK problems .
by assuring good UNK between the committees and the administration ; ;
Success will require UNK , sensitivity to faculty UNK , patience , and persistence .
UNK can form an important bridge between the president and the faculty .
The president who UNK strong men who have an UNK or university point of view and a talent and respect for administration can count on useful assistance .
The administration at the same time , looks to the chairmen for strategic aid in building stronger departments .
More than one president has found that a long-range plan helps him to attract major gifts .
It UNK confidence in his UNK determination to establish goals and to achieve them .
Some departments will attack their new goals UNK ; ;
UNK must be flexible to allow adaptation to the rapid changes in scientific and technological scholarship .
They will better understand the relationship of their activities to the academic program and they will be able to explain their actions to faculty in terms of mutual goals .
Introduction
Mars has been observed twice at about UNK wave length , and the intensity of the observed radiation is in reasonable agreement with the thermal radiation which might be predicted on the basis of the known temperature of Mars .
The apparent UNK disk temperature is the temperature which must be assumed for the black body in order that the intensity of its radiation should equal that of the observed radiation .
The use of this concept does not specify the origin of the radiation , and only if the planet really UNK as a black body , will the apparent UNK temperature correspond to the physical temperature of the UNK material .
UNK have also been made at 1.5 UNK using optical techniques ( UNK , 1955 , 1956 , ; ;
see also UNK 11 ) .
UNK UNK seems to be an exception and remains cooler than the regions which UNK it .
The antenna patterns and the power gain at the peak of the beam were both measured ( UNK , UNK , and UNK , 1958 ) , so that the absolute power sensitivity of the antenna beam over the solid angle of the moon was known .
The UNK diameter of the main UNK of the antenna was about UNK , and the brightness temperature was reduced by assuming a UNK shape for the antenna beam and a UNK bright disk for the moon .
UNK were made on an electric arc applying a porous UNK anode cooled by a UNK gas ( UNK ) .
This energy transfer depends on the current , the temperature in the arc column , the anode material , and the conditions in the anode UNK .
2 .
The UNK was National UNK UNK 60 , which has a UNK of 50% and an average UNK size of 30 .
At 100 UNK the UNK cycle UNK was less than 0.5 V ( peak to peak ) with a UNK load .
It was denoted by Af .
The UNK in the aluminum disk shown in figure 2 indicated an equilibrium temperature of the surface of Af .
It was calculated from the temperature gradient Af at Af inch as Af .
There is a small well in the top in which the fluid or paste to be tested is placed .
A tape of cellulose acetate is pulled between the blocks and the tape pulls the fluid or paste with it between the parallel faces of the blocks .
After it has reached terminal velocity , the time for the tape to travel a known distance is recorded .
There is one exception to the above statement as has been pointed out , and that is that fluids can relax by flowing into fields of lower rates of shear , so the statement should be modified by stating that the mechanics are similar .
The concept of the strain energy as a Gibbs function difference Af and UNK a force normal to the UNK face is compatible with the information obtained from optical UNK studies of fluids undergoing shear .
The direction of the tension of minimum pressure is , of course , given by the direction of the major axis of the UNK .
( Some UNK break up before they are near to the direction of shear , and some become UNK to it without UNK .
The internal energy of an ideal gas depends on temperature only and is independent of pressure or volume .
In other words , if an ideal gas is compressed and kept at constant temperature , the work done in UNK it is completely converted into heat and transferred to the surrounding heat sink .
The energy for any UNK work done by the perfect gas must come as thermal energy from its surroundings .
A UNK magnetic resonance study of UNK Af as a function of magnetic field and temperature is presented .
the magnetic moment of an UNK electron associated nearby may have a tremendous influence on the magnetic resonance properties of nuclei .
A very fine , gray solid ( about 15 UNK ) is formed , UNK by UNK , and dried at UNK ) .
UNK UNK examination of the Af sample showed it to be composed of nearly UNK particles about UNK in diameter .
We found no obvious effects due to preferred orientation of the UNK in this sample nor would we expect to on the basis of the shape found from electron UNK examination .
The value of Af estimated at UNK UNK was Af UNK .
The value derived was 16 UNK .
UNK were obtained over the temperature range of UNK - UNK .
For the UNK measurements the sample was cooled by a cold nitrogen gas flow method similar to that of Andrew and UNK .
The temperature was maintained to within about Af for the period of time required to make the measurement ( usually about one hour ) .
In the household market , there are also UNK detergent formulations based on UNK actives with about the same amount of phosphate builder ; ;
and the UNK UNK UNK as well as soap UNK and UNK , none of which are now nationally advertised .
These hard-surface cleaners are discussed in Chapter 28 .
UNK or detergent action is entirely a matter of surfaces .
Even here there is room for some variation , for metal surfaces vary in UNK , UNK capacity , and chemical reactivity .
As is the case with the surface-active agent , the requirements for builders to be used in detergent compositions for washing textiles are also high .
In addition , the UNK are also used , probably acting more as UNK agents than anything else .
Physical chemistry of washing
This is a UNK complicated UNK interaction which causes any extremely small UNK particle to UNK with other small UNK particles , or to stick to an UNK surface .
( 2 ) In the critical micelle region , there is a rapid UNK or UNK to give the UNK , which have a degree of UNK averaging around 60 - 80 .
Although the matter has not been UNK demonstrated , the available data show that UNK in themselves do not contribute significantly to the UNK process .
UNK cloth must be protected against the UNK of UNK soil .
It is evident that the requirements imposed by these effects upon any one detergent UNK acting alone are severe .
The rate of the gas phase exchange reaction appears to be proportional to the first power of the absorbed light intensity indicating that the radical UNK are removed at the walls or by reaction with an UNK rather than by UNK radical combination reactions .
It was then distilled at least three times from a trap at UNK to a liquid air trap with only a small middle fraction being retained in each UNK .
In a few experiments the tubes were made from standard 6 mm. UNK UNK UNK of 1 mm. wall thickness .
UNK of intensity on the cell were achieved by use of a wire screen and by varying the distance of the light source from the cell .
The liquid phase photochemical reaction .
The impact rate on 1958 UNK for UNK events was Af for particles of mass greater than Af ( UNK , 1960 ) ; ;
These UNK UNK are about an order of magnitude less than the values from the satellite data and the figures in UNK table .
Also , it has been suggested that the source of all or part of the dust may not be the same as that for visual or radar meteorites ( Best , 1960 ) , and the same distribution would not be expected .
UNK warfare is considered to be primarily a strategic weapon .
Thus , an enemy would probably use this weapon for attack on static population centers such as large cities .
The UNK UNK of a fluid suspension of infectious agent in an UNK animal is far different from exposure , through natural UNK , to UNK organisms .
An aerosol of such small particles , moreover , UNK through structures in much the same manner as a gas .
This operation was started at UNK p.m. and lasted for 29 minutes .
An enemy would obviously choose an agent that is believed to be highly infectious .
UNK that are known to cause frequent UNK among laboratory workers such as those causing Q fever , UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK , etc. , belong in this category .
It is possible that certain UNK forms may be produced such as UNK UNK strains .
Some of those who question the value of UNK have assumed that the only potential would be in the establishment of UNK .
One might expect some spread of the disease in this case resulting in increased effectiveness of the attack .
It should be no more difficult to deliver such devices than other weapons .
The air conditioning and UNK systems of large buildings are subject to attack .
A variety of techniques have been directed toward the isolation and study of blood group antibodies .
UNK and UNK , in a similar study of blood group antibodies of whole sera , used a series of UNK for UNK from Aj .
In the present work whole sera have been UNK by chromatography on DEAE-cellulose using single UNK similar to those described by UNK and Peterson , and certain chemical and UNK properties of the fractions containing antibodies of the UNK and UNK systems have been described .
One contained complete antibody and had a UNK of 1 : UNK in saline .
These antibody UNK were determined by reaction with UNK Af red cells .
UNK and UNK activities were determined in fractions from the sera of group A , group B or group O UNK by the following tube UNK methods .
The UNK sera used were prepared by UNK whole human serum into UNK .
Five UNK were applied for 18 hr , after which the strips were stained with UNK blue and UNK was carried out using a UNK UNK .
The UNK strips were then marked , using the stained ones as a guide , and cut UNK so as to separate the various protein bands .
In 2 of 15 experiments on whole serum a region of UNK activity with intermediate anionic binding capacity was detected ( UNK 3 , Fig. 1 ) .
Moreover , after concentration using negative pressure dialysis , UNK activity could sometimes be detected in the region designated UNK ( UNK P. J. , D. A. , and J. F. , Fig. 1 ) .
I must add at once that these animals are what we call `` UNK '' , young females that have UNK in the previous summer or autumn .
On this , she UNK an `` egg compartment '' or `` egg cell '' which is filled with that famous UNK mixture called beebread .
Each now makes a tough , UNK UNK and UNK .
The young UNK and UNK leave the nest and mate , and after a short period of freedom , the UNK young UNK will begin to dig in for the winter .
As a result , the proportion of males ( which leave the nest ) increases , and eventually the old colony will die out completely .
The nest itself , the structure that in some cases housed about 2,000 individuals when the season was at its peak , is now rapidly destroyed by the UNK larvae of certain UNK and UNK .
The females like to UNK in the short UNK of UNK UNK , where their little UNK of earth often appear by the hundreds .
yet the water in the ground should not be UNK either .
Many other ( probably nearly all ) snakes at maturity are already more than half their final length .
There seems to be a rough correlation between the initial and ultimate lengths , starting with the smallest ( UNK UNK ) and ending with the largest ( anaconda ) .
Data on the former are UNK , but there can be little doubt that the latter is sometimes born at a length greater than that of any of the others , thereby lending support to the belief that the anaconda does , indeed , attain the greatest length .
data on the UNK UNK about match this .
UNK , in his summary of the habits of the snakes of the United States , could supply data on the UNK period for only three species in addition to the UNK , which I shall consider separately .
UNK of the giants one by one will include , as far as possible , data on these aspects of growth : size at which life is started and at which sexual maturity is reached ; ;
rate of growth both before and after this crucial stage ; ;
He concluded that the UNK maximum length is 12 or 13 ( perhaps 14 ) meters , which would approximate from UNK to 42 feet ( 14 meters is slightly less than 46 feet ) .
UNK UNK feet is partly based on this report and can be accepted as probable .
When some thirteen records of newly and recently born individuals are UNK , little or no correlation between length and distribution can be detected .
The results are too varied to allow UNK .
Here the pulmonary vein , as in type 2 , , is noted to draw away from the UNK , and to follow a more direct , independent course to the UNK ( figs. 23 , 24 ) .
In distal regions its diameter would be UNK to UNK that of the pulmonary artery .
Also three other direct UNK of alveolar bronchial UNK supply were noted : via the pleura ; ;
probably occur in the horse much as in the human being ; ;
A reason for such wide variation in the pulmonary UNK is entirely lacking at present .
In addition , it would be difficult to imagine chronic generalized UNK occurring in a cow , considering its marked UNK development but , UNK , not difficult to imagine this occurring in the horse or the dog .
Ellis , UNK and UNK ( UNK ) also were unable to find them in UNK .
This is especially so if the dog , cat or monkey are to be used , in view of their marked anatomical differences from man .
There the middle one of the three curves UNK `` mean Skeletal Age '' for the UNK Series boys and girls .
For example , arrow 17 in Figure 3 UNK the UNK UNK UNK for boy 34 , whereas the same UNK for girl 2 is UNK by arrow 18 in Figure 4 .
Its Completion thus becomes one of the convenient maturity indicators to include in studies of growth , UNK patterns , and health during adolescence .
Accordingly , girls 31 , 29 , 33 , 21 , 26 , 13 , 3 , 4 , 14 , 32 , 24 , 25 , 34 , 23 , 6 , 15 , 22 , and 16 may be said to have the `` same schedule '' at Onset and Completion .
Accordingly , if UNK fusion occurs in this UNK near UNK , early and late UNK might have been forecast rather precisely at the time of Onset of UNK for the 18 girls with `` same schedule '' .
thus early UNK of the UNK stage would appear possible for only seven boys .
B .
In the absence of additions to the UNK , the product formed is an UNK UNK protein ( UNK and UNK , 1953 ; ;
UNK and UNK , 1958 ; ;
De UNK and UNK , 1960 ) .
It has been suggested that the plasma UNK proteins , which have an extremely high UNK for thyroxine , compete with thyroglobulin for thyroxine ( UNK and UNK , 1957 ) .
It does not appear to affect the UNK mechanism as such .
With lower levels , thyroid UNK and increased thyroid UNK enable the thyroid to UNK a larger proportion of the daily UNK of iodine .
The hormone has also been called UNK or UNK hormone .
The first attempts to isolate TSH came a decade later , when UNK and UNK ( 1931 ) used UNK acid to separate the UNK TSH from insoluble impurities .
UNK up to about 1957 have been discussed by UNK ( 1958 ) .
Two problems present themselves in considering any hormone in blood .
For the most part , this discussion will be confined to results obtained since the introduction of the reference standard .
UNK weakness is now recognized as an uncommon though serious UNK of UNK therapy , with most of the synthetic UNK UNK in clinical use .
Additional findings at this time included UNK , peripheral UNK UNK , and UNK .
UNK revealed no evidence of lower motor UNK disease .
In spite of normal thyroid function tests , a trial of UNK , 400 mg. daily for one week , was given but served only to UNK muscle weakness .
UNK attempts to withdraw UNK entirely were unsuccessful because increased muscle weakness resulted , as well as fever , malaise , UNK , anxiety , and an UNK of the UNK .
These reactions were interpreted as being manifestations of UNK .
UNK UNK with partial collapse of UNK was found .
The heart weighed UNK UNK , and at the UNK UNK the left and right UNK measured 19 and 3 mm. , respectively .
The UNK of the posterior base of the left UNK was replaced by gray scar tissue over a UNK cm. area .
In particular , the UNK of the right UNK and UNK arteries were virtually UNK , and both UNK common UNK arteries were completely UNK .
Some liver UNK cells contained UNK UNK , while others had small amounts of brown UNK pigment .
The UNK of the UNK and UNK showed similar changes , and in some areas the UNK was UNK and contained considerable numbers of UNK .
The UNK were pale and weighed right , 110 UNK , and left , UNK UNK .
The UNK of the UNK bodies was pale and showed areas of fatty replacement .
The cells of the UNK , UNK , and UNK series were normal except for their numbers .
In association with these changes in the fibers , there were striking UNK in the muscle nuclei .
In contrast to the nuclear changes described above , another change in muscle nuclei was seen , usually occurring in fibers that were somewhat smaller than normal but that showed distinct UNK and UNK .
As controls other sections were similarly covered with Aj .
Direct method .
Results
specificity of staining
In the first few experiments Af was passed through UNK twice and absorbed twice with 50 - 100 mg sweet clover tissue powder .
UNK of virus antigen
UNK a few isolated UNK cells or , rarely , groups of such cells in the UNK region , were also specifically stained , but there was no such staining in UNK , cortex , most UNK cells , UNK cells , or UNK .
Within the UNK cells the distribution of WTV antigen was irregular in the UNK .
In the direct method , Af , not further treated , stained certain tissues of healthy sweet clover stems UNK and WTV tumor sections were similarly stained by comparable Af .
But even in relatively primitive laboratory animals such as the UNK , sex activity closely identified with the hypothalamus and the UNK brain is UNK by the UNK .
It should be added that in man UNK UNK probably play a role in the fusion of emotional processes with those underlying perception , memory , imagination , and creativity .
13 .
The shock UNK act likewise on the hypothalamic balance .
The fundamental differences between physiological and pathological states of parasympathetic ( and also of sympathetic ) dominance remain to be UNK .
In other studies , loss of differentiation in previously established conditioned UNK resulted from repeated UNK ( UNK ) treatments , suggesting a fundamental disturbance in the balance between UNK and UNK cerebral processes .
These are few and seemingly UNK data , but they illustrate the important fact that fundamental UNK in conditioned reactions occur in a variety of states in which the hypothalamic balance has been altered by physiological experimentation , UNK action , or clinical processes .
On the physiological basis of some form of UNK
He showed UNK that anxiety is a learned ( conditioned ) reaction and is the basis of experimental and clinical UNK and assumed , therefore , that the UNK changes which UNK the UNK are functional and UNK .
He then applied this principle of reciprocal UNK to human UNK .
UNK remarks
We stressed the reciprocal relation of these systems with respect to the UNK downward discharge as well as regarding the UNK discharge .
Although we are still far from a complete understanding of these problems , as a first UNK , it is suggested that UNK in the hypothalamic balance with consequent changes in the UNK discharges account for major changes in behavior seen in various UNK and states of emotions in man and beast under physiological circumstances , in experimental and clinical UNK , and as the result of UNK agents .
Let Af be the null space of Af .
UNK , suppose that UNK is in the null space of Af .
This UNK the proof of statement ( A ) .
When Af for each UNK , we shall have Af , because the operator Af will then be 0 on the range of Af .
Proof .
In concluding this section , we should like to give an example which illustrates some of the ideas of the primary decomposition theorem .
UNK .
We begin with a few examples of binomial experiments .
UNK ( ones ) with three dice .
When three dice are tossed repeatedly , what is the probability that the number of UNK is 0 ( or 1 , or 2 , or 3 ) ? ?
Before UNK this formula , we explain what we mean by `` problems of this kind '' .
Considering only these UNK , what is the probability that the coach had drivers all 3 times ? ?
The managers stay the same , so that Af is the same for all weeks .
UNK without a fixed number of trials .
The word `` binomial '' means `` of two names '' or `` of two terms '' , and both UNK apply in our work : the first to the names of the two outcomes of a binomial trial , and the second to the terms P and Af that represent the probabilities of `` success '' and `` failure '' .
Note that we need not know the value of p , for the experiment to be binomial .
UNK where p is not constant .
Indeed , the experiment is better viewed as consisting of one binomial trial for the entire family .
An experiment consists of the voting of one couple , or two trials .
Thus in independent voting , Af or UNK of the couples would agree .
A binomial experiment consists of Af independent binomial trials , all with the same probability Af of yielding a success .
When each number of successes X is UNK with its probability of occurrence Af , the set of pairs Af , is a probability function called a binomial distribution .
The numbers of successes on the five individual shots are , then , 0 , 0 , 1 , 0 , 1 .
For the vertex at Af , these values will be denoted by Af .
With the vertex at Af in the C-plane we assume that Af is the UNK location on C of an ordinary intersection Q between C and Af .
Thus if E is sufficiently small , there can be only one intersection of C and Af near Q , for if there were more than one intersection for every E then the difference between C and Af near Q would not be a UNK function .
This set must consist of isolated points and closed intervals .
In the second category the function Af has no values defined in a neighborhood Af .
For it is clear that the total number of ordinary intersections of C and Af must be even ( otherwise , starting in the interior of C , Af could not finally return to the interior ) , and the center of rotation at T is the argument of the function , not a value .
Suppose Af is defined in the UNK Af .
Further , we see by Lemma 2 that the multiplicity of F can only change at a tangent point , and at such a point can only change by an even UNK .
We erect a square with UNK as a side and with free corners Af and Af adjacent to P and Q respectively .
We first define a function UNK as follows : given the set of squares such that each has three corners on C and vertex at UNK , UNK is the corresponding set of positive UNK differences between T and the backward corner points .
Now with P fixed at Af , UNK occur when the corner Af UNK C , and are among the values of S such that Af .
Thus we obtain UNK by introducing an UNK UNK in the Aj .
In 1 we investigate a new series of line UNK in a UNK space of three dimensions over the field of complex numbers .
There are various sets of exceptional lines , or lines whose images are not unique .
For the lines of any plane , UNK , meeting Q in a UNK C , are transformed into the congruence of secants of the curve UNK into which C is transformed in the point involution on Q .
Each generator , **yl , of Af is also exceptional , for each is transformed into the entire congruence of secants of the curve into which that generator is transformed by the point involution on Q .
The congruence of its secants is therefore of order Af and class Af .
By ( 1 ) , the image of this pencil is a ruled surface of order Af which is met by the plane of the pencil in a curve , C , of order Af .
Now consider the transformation of the lines of a bundle with vertex , P , on **zg which is effected by the involution as a whole .
In the first case the fixed elements within each pencil are the multiple secant and the line joining the vertex , P , to the intersection of **zg and the plane of the pencil which does not lie on the multiple secant .
If UNK is the multiple secant of **zg which passes through Af and UNK is the simple secant of **zg which passes through Af , and if Af are the points in which UNK meets **zg , and if Af is the image of Af on the generator UNK , it follows that the image of the line Af is Af .
For example , in accordance with the fashion of the times , most UNK societies have announced economic development plans of varying numbers of years ; ;
American policy should press constantly the view that until these governments demand efficiency and effectiveness of their UNK there is not the slightest hope that they will either UNK of UNK their societies .
Only within the framework of a mature relationship characterized by honest UNK of performance can we provide telling assistance .
To achieve this goal of balanced development , communications between the central government and the local communities must be such that the needs and aspirations of the people themselves are effectively taken into account .
It should be American policy not only to encourage effective land reform programs but also to UNK the relation of such reforms to the economic growth and modernization of the society .
as part of a larger development effort , however , it may gain wide acceptance .
At a third stage in the modernization process are such countries as India , UNK , the UNK , and Taiwan , which are ready and committed to move into the stage of UNK growth .
We have every obligation to take seriously their claims to being democratic and free countries ; ;
2 : :
Nevertheless , for most of the population of UNK advanced societies , though less for the less religious portion , religion does perform certain UNK individual and social functions .
UNK to this is the fact that most of the higher religions define for the individual his place in the universe and give him a feeling that he is relatively secure in an ordered , dependable universe .
He is not lost in the UNK of endless time ; ;
it also provides facilities and UNK for the development of personality , UNK , and UNK .
At the same time that religion UNK the individual UNK to the supernatural and gives him cosmic peace and a sense of supreme fulfillment , it also has great therapeutic value for him .
The religion supports , UNK , UNK , and maintains the fundamental values .
for example Americans rally to Christian values UNK those of UNK communism .
The religion , in fact , is an expression of the unity of the group , small or large .
As UNK has pointed out , the `` UNK on symbols , on tradition , on sacred writings , on the UNK of emotional feelings of identity and harmony with sacred values , turns one to the past far more than to the future '' .
Here there is a specific preventive component which applies in a more generalized sense to any casework situation .
Of startling significance , too , is the UNK that it was possible to carry out this program with only a 6 percent UNK rate as compared with a rate of UNK percent reported for a comparable group of families who were receiving help in traditionally operated child guidance services .
Our literature is already UNK with a fantastic number of suggestions for preventive agency UNK ranging from the immediately practical to the UNK utopian .
UNK .
UNK .
The elements and processes become evident in a study of mate selection in this population .
The element of UNK and associated processes have not been sufficiently investigated for this population to permit any type of UNK about them .
The large majority of the UNK placed core families in the upper positions .
The four functional problems of a social system are , to some extent , solved by the subsystems within this population .
UNK `` has to do with the UNK of parts '' .
In this respect it would seem that the greater the social distance between the Brandywine population and the white and Negro populations within the same general UNK , the greater the possibility for higher morale and solidarity within the Brandywine population .
The population can thereby UNK itself and actually grow larger .
UNK
Social control
Similar identification cards were issued in 1959 to all adult females .
The cards of permanent UNK are , in theory , sent to an office in the place of new residence .
Finally , the registration of UNK and deaths by nearest relatives was made UNK in most regions .
Its findings are reported each year in its UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK ( UNK ) .
UNK similar investigations have been made by medical officers in other areas .
Some UNK completed schedules with 20 items ( collected by UNK in UNK UNK ) have been UNK .
UNK have been recognized as a matter of strategic importance in the Congo and in Ruanda-Urundi during the post-war years in connection with long-term economic and social programs .
A Bureau De La UNK ( A. UNK , Director ) was formed under UNK in the Congo , to work in close UNK with the Section UNK of the UNK General .
The UNK of sampling UNK in Ruanda-Urundi ( 1952 ) and in the Congo ( 1955 - 57 ) were major advances .
These teams carried out the same operations UNK in different areas .
UNK units ( villages in rural areas , houses in cities ) were drawn systematically within these UNK .
These changes represent , in effect , a shift from ( 1 ) an administrative compilation of data obtained through procedures designed primarily to serve political and economic objectives to ( 2 ) a systematic sampling UNK of the whole African population .
It provides a frame for the sampling UNK .
It is still used in making current population estimates in UNK years , though the value of these estimates is open to question .
Other reports in identical form , but with somewhat varying content , have been issued .
UNK the end of the UNK work , he interviewed every married class member at great length .
In their own words , it had aided them to get a clearer picture of how they had gotten into their marriages , and perhaps they had obtained some insights on why certain troubles appeared from time to time .
A few were doubtful about the merits of an exclusive section for married students .
Many of them appear to drop out , for one reason or another .
In the regular sections they have always been more or less discouraged .
Some of these UNK may have some merit , others are somewhat ambiguous .
But the greater part of semester time was actually centered around the attitudes : `` So we are married -- now how do we make the best of it '' ? ?
UNK were used , as with all sections , but with one big difference .
The writer never knew from week to week just where the section might be .
These students , although they might read various articles in popular magazines , more often chose to report on articles found in the UNK .
This was not a particularly UNK or unexpected thing -- it was previously known to her that it might happen .
But just when was an unknown , and of course the longer it did not happen , the stronger her wish and belief that it might not .
Perhaps this was related to the fact that all were in on it to some extent .
Never in other sections has there been the opportunity for the genuine UNK discussions about the feelings of both UNK during various stages of UNK .
UNK such as `` rope with a loop in it '' , and `` two pieces of rope '' , were quite characteristic .
One prediction had been made about the difference in security or UNK between those subjects who shifted their Kohnstamm reactivity when informed and those who did not .
This subject was one who gave an UNK on the second trial in the naive state but not in the first .
They knew that their perceptual experience differed from objective reality since they had seen the desk and ball prior to putting on the UNK UNK .
While the interpretations that have been given are UNK only , they gain support from such comments as the following , which was made by one of the Kohnstamm-negative subjects who did not , on the first trial , perceive the UNK illusion .
The final sample was not significantly different from a normal distribution in regard to reading achievement or intelligence test scores .
The low compulsive child was one who appeared relatively unconcerned about such matters .
The question may be raised whether or not we are dealing with a common factor in anxiety and compulsivity .
UNK measurement
In the primary grades , reading UNK almost every aspect of school progress , and the children's early experiences of success or failure in learning to read often set a pattern of total achievement that is relatively enduring throughout the following years .
Tables 1 and 2 present the results of the statistical analysis of the data when compulsivity is used as the descriptive variable .
According to the theory proposed , this is a consequence of the severe condition of perceived threat that persists UNK for the anxious child in an ambiguous sort of school environment .
Yet the highly anxious child suffered a tremendous UNK only in the unstructured school , and performed as well or better than average in the structured setting .
Up to this point stress has been placed on roleplaying in terms of individuals .
Examples
UNK , UNK references , training the salesmen , having them go with more experienced salesmen was expensive -- and the rate of UNK due to UNK or unsatisfactory performance was too high .
One handled the salesman in a friendly manner , another in a rough manner , and the third in a UNK manner .
All applicants were generally familiar with the work of the UNK .
UNK rates of personnel went up , production dropped , and morale was visibly reduced .
He played a number of typical situations before observers , other UNK who kept notes and then explained to him in detail what he did they thought was wrong .
One by one , these errors were discussed and one by one he rejected accepting them as errors .
When an UNK situation is set up , and no concern is with the details that lead to an over-all estimate , we say that roleplaying is used for evaluation .
the objective of this chapter is to clarify the distinctions between spontaneity theory and other training concepts .
One hebephrenic woman often became submerged in what felt to me like a somehow phony experience of UNK , during which , despite her UNK UNK and UNK cheeks , I felt only a cold annoyance with her .
At first I did not know what she meant ; ;
What had been an UNK powerful UNK was now , despite its continuing charge of energy UNK to me , sufficiently within control of her ego that she could use it to show me what this UNK mother was like .
UNK hard for the therapist to grasp are those instances in which the patient is UNK an UNK UNK to something in the therapist , some aspect of the therapist of which the latter is himself only poorly aware , and the recognition of which , as a part of himself , he finds distinctly UNK .
I have found , time and again , that some bit of particularly UNK and UNK behavior on the part of a patient rests , in the final analysis , on this basis ; ;
One cannot assume , of course , that all these accumulated meanings were inherent in the stereotype at the beginning of the therapy , or at any one time later on when the stereotype was UNK ; ;
Or , equally often , a UNK , UNK statement may consist , with its UNK UNK , in a form of poetry -- may be full of meaning and emotion when interpreted as a UNK expression : a UNK , a smile , an UNK , or some other symbolic mode of speaking .
His subjective experience may be a remarkably UNK one .
For English the reduction in size is less striking .
This approach requires that : ( 1 ) each text word be separated into smaller elements to establish a correspondence between the occurrence and dictionary entries , and ( 2 ) the information retrieved from several entries in the dictionary be UNK into a description of the particular word .
For this step the computer memory is separated into three regions : cells in the UNK are used for storage of the forms in the text-form list ; ;
A third cell can be added by UNK the address of another UNK in Af ; ;
Text reading continues with the next occurrence .
This UNK the second step of UNK lookup -- UNK the information cell of forms in the text-form list to dictionary forms .
The order is identical to the ordering of the forms they describe .
Each entry that is selected for storage is written into the next available cells of the Aj .
The address of the first cell and the number of cells used is written in the information cell for the form .
the information cell assigned to each text form contains the address of the grammatical description of the form it represents .
Thus , one can think of a dictionary entry as a word rather than a form .
( Indeed , the set of UNK can be replaced by the name of a set of UNK .
Similarly , if the UNK for the forms of a word do not vary , the UNK need be entered only once with an indication that they apply to each form .
When UNK and variation prevent UNK , information is written in complete detail .
In I know one thing dominant stress will usually be on the complement one thing ; ;
They are likely to lose dominant stress .
but if George has just been mentioned prominently ( and the trip to be made has been under discussion ) , what is said is probably I'll go with him , and dominant stress is probably on the UNK with .
If both George and a piece of information George does not have are prominent in the context , but the idea of telling George is new , then dominant stress will probably be on tell in why not tell George ? ?
In I have things to do the word things makes little real contribution to meaning and has weaker stress than do .
When the same sequence is equivalent in meaning to I have instructions which I am to leave , dominant stress is ordinarily on instructions .
Other examples follow .
`` I'll come by Tuesday .
but if a complement for come is implied and by Tuesday is a UNK unit used as an UNK , by will be UNK or lightly stressed at most .
UNK on this point is strongest before UNK and UNK or UNK .
From the point of view of word formation real might be expected to have two syllables .
No single explanation is adequate to account for this .
By contrast , even experienced linguists commonly know no more of the range of possibilities in tone systems than the UNK distinction between register and UNK languages .
The great majority of present-day linguists fall into one or more of a number of UNK types : those who are convinced that tone cannot be UNK , those who are personally scared of tone and tone languages generally , those who are convinced that tone is merely an unnecessary marginal feature in those languages where it occurs , those who have no idea how to proceed with tone analysis , those who take a UNK view of the whole matter .
They will give suggestions that can be worked up into field procedures .
Good field techniques will not only UNK linguists for better work , but also help them overcome negative attitudes .
If , as I suspect , the problem is largely of the second sort , then development of a theory better able to handle tone will result automatically in better theory for all phonologic subsystems .
UNK differences from one speaker to another , or from one emotional state to another , may far exceed the small differences between tones .
The possibilities in the consonantal system are very numerous , and only a small portion of them are actually used .
Apparently the feeling is that anything more would be involvement in technical UNK of possible UNK interest but of no visible significance in practical affairs .
As a result , many people have been confirmed in their conviction that orthography design is not an activity to which experts can contribute anything but confusion .
This must be considered primarily an amendment and supplement to his early A Short UNK Of UNK In UNK .
or again because the Athabascan languages spread over a very much larger territory ( including three wholly separated areas ) ; ;
Swadesh , and therefore UNK , felt compelled to UNK all terms UNK species or even UNK ( UNK , UNK , UNK , yellow pine , UNK ) ; ;
UNK and UNK ; ;
( 4 ) verbs ( 9 , 22 terms ) , ratios UNK versus UNK .
Or the exception may be due to a particular UNK peculiar to the Athabascan UNK .
If word classes differ in their resistance or liability to stem replacement within meaning UNK , it is conceivable that individual meanings also differ with fair UNK UNK .
For UNK , I UNK these 71 items in five columns , according as they were expressed by 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , and more than 4 stems .
When now we count the frequency of the 71 items in the two language families appearing in the same column or grade , or one column or grade apart , or two or three or four , we find these differences : Af
His first conclusion , on behavior of individual items , is negative , whereas mine ( on UNK and UNK ) was partially positive .
stem frequencies 7 and 1 , UNK ; ;
And UNK of the outcome in centuries UNK since UNK , calculations obviously carry more UNK and comparable meaning if they deal with the most stable units than with UNK unstable ones .
And why that insistence ? ?
Some of this may prove to be true , or even considerable of it , whether by UNK UNK or by diffusion and UNK .
There is no apparent reason why we should feel bound by UNK rules and procedure since his UNK and aims have grown so vast .
Starting in great force late in December , from a line stretching from East UNK to Budapest , the Red armies had swept two hundred miles across Poland to the UNK , thirty miles from Berlin , and the Upper UNK region was being rapidly UNK , while the Western Allies had not yet occupied all of the left bank of the UNK .
In the UNK UNK of February 4 , 1942 , the State Department had expected to be able to hold Russia in check by withholding agreement to her 1941 boundaries .
From six to nine million additional Germans would be UNK , though most would have fled , and Poland would receive far more from Germany than the poor territories , including the great UNK UNK , which she lost to Russia .
This reasoning was also as inevitable as anything could be .
`` We were troubled about the fate of the UNK States .
There were UNK that the UNK of the Interior favored an arbitrary , `` UNK '' process , which were indirectly UNK when the King personally UNK in the planned meetings .
Although the government was probably prepared for elections by UNK , the first decision was no doubt made more difficult as party UNK multiplied .
They figured prominently in the UNK government of May , 1958 , which the King was reportedly determined to keep in office until elections could be held .
By December , 1958 , when ' UNK UNK became President of the Council , elections had even greater importance .
The UNK UNK ( UNK UNK UNK UNK , UNK et UNK ) was opposed by candidates of the new UNK ( UNK National UNK Forces UNK ) in nearly all urban centers .
UNK older workers who have no expectation of securing employment in the occupation in which they are skilled should be able to secure counseling and UNK in an occupation with a future .
The greatest impact of the UNK principle has been in initially encouraging the UNK states and school districts to spend enough to obtain their full allocation of outside funds .
No comparable measures are available of UNK and expenditures for private vocational education training .
There are a great number and variety of private commercial schools , trade schools and technical schools .
In Arkansas fewer than 6 per cent of the high schools offer trade and industrial courses .
UNK may be provided from nearby school districts .
Some of this trend toward area vocational schools has been related to the problems of persistent labor surplus areas and their desire to attract new industry .
UNK
There is a need for an expanded Federal effort to provide research and information to help guide state education departments and local school boards in existing programs .
A related question is whether UNK workers can be motivated to take the training provided .
Local school districts are hard pressed financially and UNK about vocational training .
Only the Federal government is likely to be able to take a UNK and UNK view and to pay for training to meet national skilled manpower needs .
A further possibility is suggested by the example of the G. I. bills and also by some recent trends in attitudes toward improving college education : that is to provide financial assistance to individuals for vocational training when local facilities are inadequate .
But briefly , the UNK configuration must be examined for its UNK .
Then the fact that the lower channel line was UNK had further UNK significance .
This expectation is what really `` sold '' point and figure .
They are both UNK methods .
Even if we strip their respective claims to the UNK minimum , the `` odds '' still favor them both , for the trend in effect is always more likely to continue than to reverse .
We now know that things rarely ever work out in such UNK fashion , and that car UNK , while perhaps interesting enough , are nevertheless not the magic formula that will always turn before stock prices turn .
In the stock market , the normal trading package is a hundred shares , just as UNK UNK is the standard grain contract package .
Strong hands differ from `` weak hands '' in that their operations are the primary UNK .
Strong hands act ; ;
Anyone still UNK that this is the only way markets can be is invited to try to imagine a market UNK the majority consistently wins what the minority loses .
My answer is in the negative because I believe that total capital demands during the Sixties will continue to press against available supplies , and interest rates will generally tend to be firm at high levels .
Recent events in the General Assembly of the United Nations confirm that the cold war will remain with us , and probably UNK , for the UNK future .
The industry with which this model is concerned is a basic industry , producing a substantial share of gross national product .
The demand for the industry's product
( We abstract here from technological progress and assume that prices of all other products change proportionately .
C .
The threat of effective anti-trust action , provoked by `` UNK the public '' through price increases not justified by cost increases , and fears of UNK relations with customers , Congress , the general public and the press , all operate to keep price increases in some relation to cost increases .
In this model , we abstract from all UNK sources of cost changes , so that the `` public-limit price '' only rises as the wage rate rises .
Whether or not it is in the industry's interest to allow the basic wage rate to rise obviously depends upon the extent to which the public-limit price rises in response to a basic wage increase , and the relation of this response to the increase in costs accompanying the wage increase .
As we have noted , however , we are UNK from changes in all UNK of this level except for changes in the wage rate .
For our present purposes we assume that the sole subject of bargaining is the basic wage rate ( not including productivity improvement factors or UNK adjustments ) , and it is this basic wage rate which determines the level of costs .
International law had to fit the conditions of Europe , and nothing that could not fit this system , or the interests of the great European nations UNK , could possibly emerge as law in any meaningful sense .
UNK this imposed two conditions : First , international law had to recognize and be compatible with an international political system in which a number of states were competitive , suspicious , and UNK in their political UNK with one another ; ;
In both respects , international law was UNK .
The European customs on which international law was based were to become , by force and UNK , the customs that others were to accept as law if they were to join this community as sovereign states .
National identification was not new , but it was UNK in intensity and scope throughout Europe as new UNK occurred .
UNK was this true when the norms previously applied were no longer satisfactory to many , when customs were rapidly changing as the forces of the new productivity were UNK .
Indeed , with developed UNK , the separation of law from justice , or from morality generally , became quite specific .
It was , too , an optimistic philosophy , and , though it separated law from morality , it was by no means an UNK or UNK one .
It was not opposed to either justice or morality ; ;
it merely wished to minimize subjective views of officials who UNK public authority .
One result was to UNK much that had been regarded as the law of nations .
If this seems arbitrary , its effect was to treat citizens of the District of Columbia equally with citizens of the states -- at the expense of expanding a UNK jurisdiction .
UNK difficulty arose with the UNK of UNK UNK UNK .
The essential UNK of these measures resulted in UNK in substantial UNK of federal jurisdiction to UNK state public utility rate orders .
The commission had issued an administrative order which was challenged as UNK against Negroes .
this in the name of equitable discretion .
UNK Frankfurter and Jackson UNK in the UNK result , for they found no merit in the UNK claim .
In short , congressional power to grant UNK authority to federal courts is now apparently so broad that Congress need not create , or specify , the right to be enforced .
This would satisfy what presumably was UNK major purpose -- the UNK of unions .
( As we have seen , the UNK and York decisions require federal courts in diversity cases to follow state UNK rules .
A similar UNK applies to those who press state claims in federal UNK , e.g. , in diversity cases .
How else can one explain , for example , allowing the survival of the right to UNK bond discount and premium ( section UNK ) , but not the right to UNK bond issue expenses ; ;
Such an interpretation could not be justified by a construction of the statute alone ; ;
The Court said the purpose of the section was principally to spare the Government the embarrassment and trouble of dealing with several parties , one of them a stranger to the claim , and to prevent traffic in claims , particularly UNK claims , against the Government .
UNK the final corporation entitled to sue on the claim , the Court cited the UNK , UNK UNK , and UNK cases for the proposition that `` transfers by operation of law or in conjunction with changes of corporate structure are not assignments UNK by the statute '' .
In an earlier case , UNK & Co. v. United States , an American corporation was formed for the purpose of acquiring the stock of a British corporation in exchange for its own stock and then UNK the British corporation .
For example , property `` used in the trade or business '' of a transferor corporation , as defined in section UNK , presumably would not retain its special status following a UNK reorganization if it is not so used in the business of the acquiring corporation .
This carryover right has a number of things in common with a net operating loss carryover .
With respect to this type of item , one might properly apply the language of the Committee Report , quoted above , which UNK against using section UNK as a basis for treating other tax attributes not mentioned therein .
Is the respondent making a recommendation for his own benefit , for the benefit of his industry , for the benefit of a specific government department or service , for the benefit of the defense program , for the benefit of small business , or for the benefit of the taxpayers ? ?
Finally , there is the question of how strongly an expressed opinion is held -- whether it is a firm opinion or one that the respondent favors only slightly over the alternatives .
UNK of defense sales activities ( Part B of the questionnaire ) 3 .
UNK opinions regarding negotiated bidding ( Part F of the questionnaire ) 7 .
Preparation and UNK of the questionnaire
that is to say , to concentrate on a particular crop or activity in a particular area at a strategic time , rather than any UNK engagement with management throughout an area or the State .
The pertinent regulation for our purposes is Section UNK ( , ) , as follows :
With respect to positions not covered by UNK ( 1 ) or ( 2 ) of this paragraph , any individual may be referred to a place of employment in which a labor dispute exists , provided he is given written notice of such dispute prior to or at the time of his UNK .
It is the first part of the UNK that is currently at issue .
But over and beyond the compelling need for a binding precedent decision , I am convinced that the decisions of the Superior UNK which in effect UNK the UNK UNK are not a correct interpretation of the UNK power under the Federal law .
A decision to refer workers to jobs vacant because of a strike would have to be applied equally to UNK situations , and might in effect place the public employment services in the position of acting as UNK .
The ability to think seems to increase consistently with age .
Many studies indicate that UNK children's interests cover the whole field of science ; ;
A considerable amount of evidence exists to show that an unhappy and UNK child is not likely to do well in school subjects .
The following generalizations about the emotional characteristics of UNK children may be helpful .
The young child learns from parents and teachers that temper UNK , screaming , kicking , and hitting will not get him what he wants ; ;
1 .
4 .
6 .
7 .
8 .
Why the teacher should study the individual pupil
Some are failing to achieve as much as their ability would permit ; ;
Many school systems now employ school psychologists and child guidance specialists .
It is the classroom teacher , however , who has daily contacts with pupils , and who is in a unique position to put sound psychological principles into practice .
One study , which involved UNK pupils in grades one to six , found that 12 percent of the pupils were seriously UNK and that 23 percent were reading a year below capacity .
It is easy for the teacher to UNK that the child who is not achieving in accordance with his known ability is just plain lazy , or that the child who UNK interest in school , who UNK the teacher , or who is UNK is a hopeless delinquent .
Sources of information about children
In Virginia court orders led to desegregation in UNK and UNK UNK .
It may be county school board or state school board action , as well as that of municipal school boards .
not whether it should be done .
On the one hand do we argue the Supreme Court decision required only that a child not be denied admission to a school on account of his race ? ?
The UNK in school desegregation cases .
We actually have two issues in this question -- goal and method .
On the whole , it appears that they do not favor their own social classes in an explicit way .
If there were more such cases , it would be easier to answer the question whether the UNK favor their own social classes .
While this influence is a complex matter , depending upon personality factors in the individual as well as upon his social-class experience , there probably are some general statements about social-class background and educational policy that can be made with a fair degree of truth .
Generally these commissions work earnestly to represent the interest of the entire society , as they conceive it .
President UNK Commission on Higher Education tended to take a liberal , UNK position , while President Eisenhower's Committee on Education Beyond the High School was slightly more conservative .
The recent federal UNK UNK program is another step in the direction of making higher education more available to UNK youth .
Unfortunately , however , and for reasons to be discussed in the following chapter , no rate relationships can be made completely UNK as long as all or some of the rates must be set above marginal costs in order to yield adequate revenues .
And this fact may explain some of the UNK among the experts as to the more rational formulas for the apportionment of total costs among different units of service .
It might be called the `` public utility '' type because of the considerable use to which it has been put in gas and electric utility rate cases .
As already noted in an earlier paragraph , the more familiar cost analyses of utility enterprises or utility systems divide the total costs among a number of major classes of service , such as residential , commercial , industrial power , street lighting , etc. .
In the first UNK , the analyst ( following the practice of railroad analysis in this particular respect ) UNK both total operating costs and total annual capital costs ( including an allowance for `` cost of capital '' or `` fair rate of return '' ) among the different classes and units of service .
A recognition of multiple cost functions is therefore required .
For example , the monthly bill of a residential consumer might be the sum of a $1 customer charge , a $5 charge for 250 UNK of energy at
Is it not the task of philosophy to see what intelligible meaning can be assigned to the most sacred canons in social science ? ?
( UNK UNK , 1959 : :
The simple UNK success of the sociology of small groups needs to be questioned .
A parallel function for philosophy is the study of the relation between perceptions UNK received and conceptions logically formed .
UNK UNK .
This does not mean that philosophy UNK the problems it UNK , any more so than UNK geometry settled the physical status of the UNK continuum .
UNK conceived of as servant to the sciences might appear as less dramatic than philosophy which UNK as the sciences UNK .
The UNK effort to understand and measure the distance mankind has UNK since its primitive UNK status offers a more durable sort of drama .
( UNK UNK and UNK , 1948 : :
As UNK ( 1908 ) and UNK ( 1922 ) indicated , questions of whether the value of life is individual or social are not questions , but UNK of faith made to appear as legitimate questions .
For what concerns all scientific UNK is precisely that which can be captured for the rational , i.e. , for the scientific determination of what in past ages was considered ultimate and irrational .
The functional UNK of philosophy and science should , as a minimum , guarantee a meaningful UNK to UNK .
What were they to do , then , with these awkward judgments of value ? ?
It appeared that the theory could be saved in one way only .
If it could be shown that judgments of good and bad were not judgments at all , that they asserted nothing true or false , but merely expressed emotions like `` UNK '' or `` UNK '' , then these UNK judgments would cease from UNK and weary heads could be at rest .
This theory has been put so clearly and precisely that it deserves criticism of the same kind , and this I will do my best to supply .
It is as empty as the word `` UNK '' would be when there was no enthusiasm behind it .
And this seems to me UNK .
If goodness and badness lie in attitudes only and hence are brought into being by them , those men who greeted death and misery with UNK merry laughter are taking the only sensible line .
This resulted in damage to the UNK UNK and very probably to the left side of the UNK also .
The force of the UNK analysis ( if indeed it has any force ) can be felt by the reader , I believe , only after three questions have been successfully answered .
( 1 ) What allows us to think that the patient had no UNK representations when his eyes were closed ? ?
Obviously , a satisfactory answer to the third question is imperative , if the argument is to get under way at all , for if there is any possibility of doubt whether the patient's tactual sensitivity had been UNK by the UNK UNK , any findings whatsoever in regard to the first question become completely ambiguous and fail altogether , of course , as evidence to establish the desired conclusion .
( 2 ) The patient attained an astonishing efficiency in a new trade .
And so the authors conclude : `` The conduct of the patient in his UNK life and in his work , even more than the foregoing facts ( mentioned above under 1 ) , leave UNK no room for doubt that the sense of touch , in the ordinary sense of the word , was UNK ; ;
According to his own testimony , he never actually saw things as shaped but only as generally amorphous `` UNK '' of color of a more or less indefinite size ; ;
The patient himself denied that he had any visual imagery at all ; ;
The authors set about answering this fundamental question through a detailed investigation of the patient's ability , UNK , ( 1 ) to perceive figure and ( 2 ) to locate objects in space , with his eyes closed ( or turned away from the object concerned ) .
At the least , however , one may conclude that Geometric potters sensed a logical order ; ;
Greek history and culture were UNK UNK , and UNK , by the UNK of these UNK yet opposed factors .
Many aspects of civilization were not yet sufficiently UNK to find expression , nor could the simple economic and social foundations of this world support a UNK structure .
The era , however , is UNK .
By 800 social and cultural security had been achieved , at least on a simple plane ; ;
To the UNK UNK , however , new materials were added .
The rows of animals and birds , in particular , suggest awareness of Oriental animal UNK , transmitted perhaps via UNK silver UNK and textiles , but the specific forms of these rows on local vases and metal products are UNK Greek .
On February 17 , Russell and Cook were sent to the UNK UNK community on the UNK to see about UNK out UNK the company had purchased .
After spending two nights ( Wednesday and Thursday ) in UNK , the deputies again headed for the UNK to finish their business .
UNK his Winchester from its UNK , Cook prepared to fight from behind the UNK bank .
some buildings , farm tools , two horses , UNK , and hay owned by UNK UNK , a friendly interpreter for the company , and UNK UNK hay were stolen or destroyed ; ;
Cattle stealing and killing , again serious during the spring of UNK , placed the land grant company officers in a UNK position .
They were reluctant to UNK UNK to protect the property , thus running the risk of creating UNK such as that on the UNK , and yet the UNK protested that they got no salary for UNK cattle thieves and running the risk of being shot .
And the law virtually ignored the situation .
About 300 yards up the creek was a cluster of Mexican houses containing six rooms in the form of a square .
UNK no answer , they set the fire .
UNK six or eight times the body was draped with UNK pistol , belt , and UNK .
Early the next morning , a Mexican telephoned UNK that UNK UNK , one of the posse members , was surrounded by ten Mexicans at his father's home on the upper UNK .
UNK all night , Clark and twelve men arrived at about seven o'clock May 22 .
There the matter stands with the prospect that soon Manchester may be removed from the UNK of towns contributing raw sewage to its main streams .
In UNK UNK B. UNK , UNK and UNK , became the town's first UNK in a dwelling he built for himself and his business `` two doors north of the UNK House '' or `` one door north of the Bank , Manchester , Vermont '' .
In his wake came the District UNK UNK and the cream of the UNK profession , ten of UNK best , chosen for their long experience and thorough knowledge of golf .
A small single UNK was installed in the Village over UNK hardware store ( later E. H. UNK ) .
Service running through UNK and to UNK County towns east of the mountains was in the hands of the `` UNK Telephone Company '' in 1925 , but major supervision of telephone lines in Manchester was with the New England Telephone and Telegraph Company , which eventually gained all control .
More aerial and underground equipment was installed as well as office improvements to take care of the expanding business .
This eliminated toll calls between the two towns .
Electric power
The first mention of an electric plant in Manchester seems to be one installed in UNK UNK and UNK UNK on the West UNK in Factory Point .
This was fortunate , as the UNK plant burned in 1905 .
First , it appears to be based on the fact that on its title page Utopia is described as `` UNK '' , `` gay '' .
And if he did stand on the UNK of UNK , it was not in dying a martyr for such unity as UNK UNK might be able to force on Western UNK .
And the evidence that he does , indeed , stand there derives quite simply from the vigorous interest with which rather casual readers have responded to that book for the past century or so .
Surely there is nothing new about communism .
We find it in Plato's Republic , and in Utopia More UNK his debt to that book .
a common habit or uniform prescribed for all citizens ; ;
no sort of UNK at all for any goods or services , and therefore no market in the economic sense of the term .
The editor of the Newport UNK could discover no evidence of UNK circumstances in the Brown trial which would warrant making an exception to the UNK of capital punishment .
No sympathy or admiration for Brown could be found in the Providence Daily Post , for the editor claimed that there were a score of men in the state prison who were a thousand times more UNK of sympathy .
The UNK UNK admitted that John Brown might deserve punishment or imprisonment `` but he should no more be hung than Henry A. UNK or James UNK '' .
A week later the Daily Journal had discovered the initial plans of some Providence citizens to hold a meeting honoring John Brown on the day of his execution .
In many Northern towns and cities meetings were held and church bells were UNK .
The latter two were appointed UNK .
Although admitting Brown's guilt on legal grounds , Day said that , `` Brown is no common criminal ; ;
UNK that his wrongs and UNK in Kansas , UNK by the violence and brutality of those who were intent on the UNK of slavery in that territory , call for a UNK judgment upon his recent efforts in Virginia to undermine the UNK from which he had suffered , and UNK his family to the special sympathy and aid of all who pity suffering and UNK justice .
Picasso says that he himself had already made his first collage toward the end of UNK , when he glued a piece of UNK UNK to a painting on canvas .
and moreover , he had already begun to broaden and simplify the UNK of UNK Cubism as far back as the end of 1910 .
But here again , the UNK device both UNK and falls short of its aim .
UNK flatness now tends to assert itself as the main event of the picture , and the device UNK : the illusion of depth is rendered even more UNK than before .
The actual surface becomes both ground and background , and it turns out -- suddenly and UNK -- that the only place left for a three-dimensional illusion is in front of , upon , the surface .
and the broad , UNK shapes of UNK paper would have been isolated in such a way as to make them jump out of plane .
and independent UNK are apt to coincide with the recognizable contours of the subject from which a picture starts ( if it does start from a subject ) .
UNK Cubism came to an end in the collage , but not UNK ; ;
City planners do not always use this boundary as effectively as they might .
Meanwhile , the automobile and its friend the truck have cost the central city some of its industrial dominance .
The appeal of the suburb is particularly strong for heavy industry , which must move bulky objects along a lengthy assembly line and wants enough land area to do the entire job on one floor .
It is merely the latest example of the UNK growth which formed the pattern of virtually all American cities .
And wherever the new UNK go up their banks are lined by neat glass and metal and colored brick light industry .
The plants along Route UNK are mostly well designed and nicely set against the New England rocks and trees .
In spreading the factories even farther , the automobile may not have changed to any great extent the growth pattern of the cities .
What UNK most is the damage the automobile has done to UNK UNK , especially in those cities where public transit is feeble .
But whenever a major purchase was UNK forty years ago -- a new bedroom set or a winter coat , an Easter UNK , a UNK for Junior -- the family set off for the downtown department store , where the selection would be greatest .
In many cases that statement -- `` We break even on our downtown operation and make money on our branches '' -- would be turned around if the cost analysis were UNK on terms less UNK to the old store .
Before losing itself in the UNK of the 19th Century , the grand stream of Italian Renaissance architectural decoration made a last appearance in the Brumidi UNK of the Capitol UNK in Washington .
He left at his death sketches , drawn to scale , for the rest of the circle .
These were carried out not too UNK by UNK Costaggini , who began by supplying the missing member to the founder of Pennsylvania and noting in pencil , in Italian , that he `` began at this point '' .
and we were able to decide on some UNK of scale .
This last was probably not in UNK UNK , but was needed to take the chill , UNK look off the new work next to the old , where UNK effects of time were seen , even after thorough cleaning .
We made it by UNK recipe , five parts thoroughly washed cheese UNK to one of lime UNK ; ;
UNK son later maintained that Costaggini had compressed and UNK his father's designs , UNK UNK a bit he could claim for his very own .
At the very first , then , Brumidi was required , by the UNK UNK shape of his central group , to fill in the UNK space above the seated girl on UNK right , before starting on the UNK figures themselves .
Those whom I wish to address with this letter are for the most part unknown to me .
I am very pleased that quite a number of you found ways to communicate to me your desire to hear of our reactions and experiences in the U.S.S.R. .
These two UNK form the frame around a series of experiences and sights which , to me at least , symbolize the extremes in the aesthetic as well as ethical conflict between materialism and UNK .
The UNK environment , it was stated , had UNK these two extreme seeds and was about to produce a new plant and fruit .
UNK of such an experience was the occasion of a somewhat formal official welcome in the offices of the Union of Soviet Artists .
It was only after we had responded , with what I fear were similar UNK , that she went into action by questioning our desire for friendship and understanding with a challenge about aggressive and UNK actions by the U.S. Government in Cuba and Laos .
Unfortunately she returned later , just as I had taken advantage of the UNK atmosphere in the room by stating that perhaps an unexpected result of the UNK Exchange Program would be the UNK of UNK Art in Russia , with Social UNK UNK dominance in the U.S. .
Our presence here should also be considered further , sincere evidence of the attempts by our people and their chosen government to seek any and all possible ways to effect closer , peaceful ties among all people .
In spite of the relatively short period of time that we have experienced among you , we have already seen many indications of your character and spirit .
But certainly , all will agree that it is not so much the knowledge and search for UNK between you and us , but rather the thoughtful exploration and acceptance of our differences which may lead us to our respective and desired goals with a minimum of misunderstanding .
What is missing is work that would answer , presumably by the use of survey methods and UNK attitude UNK , such questions as these : What are the components of the UNK described as alienation ? ?
Three examples follow .
Or , he might remind Fromm that the 41 per cent figure is really UNK low : after all , the medieval UNK system was dedicated to the proposition that 100 per cent of the workers ought to turn out only the average amount ; ;
While the `` empirical psychoanalytic '' label which Fromm claims UNK no light on the validity of his underlying philosophy , it does increase the UNK of his product .
The final example of the failure to use available evidence , though evidence of a different kind from that which has so far been considered , comes from Fromm's treatment of some other writers who have dealt with the same themes .
In a brief chapter dealing with `` UNK Other UNK '' , he UNK isolated passages from some writers whose views seem to UNK his own , and finds it `` most remarkable that a critical view of twentieth-century society was already held by a number of thinkers living in the nineteenth .
It UNK , for example , practically the whole line of great nineteenth century English social critics , nearly all the great writers whose basic position is religious , and all those who are with more or less accuracy called UNK .
Of course , the list also UNK all writers who are fairly `` optimistic '' about the modern situation ; ;
It is not hard to find that UNK of opinion which Fromm finds so remarkable when you ignore all who hold a different opinion .
The only other one I shall mention here is his use of the term capitalism .
each musical setting has an individual touch .
Apparently their origin is humble , their approach to life direct and UNK .
UNK music begins to UNK as he feels the effects of the wine , but he pulls himself together when the need arises .
to do so would have UNK the dramatic point of the scene .
His personality appears more striking by contrast with Marina , who is -- perhaps UNK -- rather UNK characterized .
The effect is as if he had UNK out of nowhere .
As if in a UNK , she UNK his words -- then UNK , with a shock , her own UNK .
the conflict is not Boris versus UNK or UNK or even the ghost of the murdered child , but Boris versus the Russian people .
They will UNK and UNK for UNK leadership in a strangely intense song , its phrases UNK broken as if UNK for breath , but when the police with their UNK move away , they UNK and UNK and fight among themselves .
Mussorgsky frequently uses UNK music with considerable dramatic force .
They UNK the words with which he has described his own vision of the dying child who `` UNK and UNK for mercy -- and there is no mercy '' .
Though brief , it has a sharp dramatic edge and great UNK .
) There is still more news , UNK UNK : they have prayed for the soul of the UNK .
`` Seeing The Moon UNK '' is dated August , 1927 .
Though he struggled with philosophy all his life , he never got much beyond the UNK of his UNK ; ;
the internal organization rarely has any chronological order , except in obvious groups like the `` UNK of UNK '' , the `` UNK of 1912 - 13 '' , and the war poems .
These observations about Hardy's productivity UNK with the details of his life as we know them .
the death of Emma Hardy in 1912 , which had a profound emotional effect on Hardy for which he found release in poetry ; ;
There are many such UNK anonymous performances among the earlier poems .
the poem offers nothing to persuade us of the UNK right to speak as he does .
Like the UNK of UNK , like two ruined UNK UNK the entrance to one of UNK circles , stand two great dead juvenile UNK -- the heroes of the post-war generation : the great UNK , Charlie Parker , and Dylan Thomas .
I said , referring to the UNK `` Jazz UNK '' .
`` UNK , man , evil '' , he said , and that's all he said for the rest of the night .
I believe rather that it is due to the UNK world in which that creativity seemed to be the sole value .
He was able to find meaning in his art as long as it was the answer to air UNK and gas UNK .
As the world began to take on the guise of an immense air raid or gas oven , I believe his art became meaningless to him .
Similarly , the UNK of UNK , and of Parker particularly , have been vastly UNK by people unfamiliar with music , especially by that UNK , the intellectual UNK , the jazz UNK .
The metaphysical UNK , which UNK the UNK UNK still dominant in UNK American colleges , were UNK .
This is one difference between UNK and Dylan which should be pointed out .
His UNK melody is a sort of naive UNK of all experience .
In fact , his only UNK -- the only person to UNK his style -- was W. S. Graham , who seems to have UNK him without much understanding , and who has since moved on to other methods .
UNK principal influence lay in the communication of an attitude -- that of the now UNK British romantic school of the New UNK -- Henry UNK , J. F. UNK , and others -- all of whom were quite conventional poets .
Parker certainly had much more of an influence .
The UNK generation before World War 1 , , and , on a lower level , the UNK of the period between the wars , both assumed an accepted universe of UNK , in which , to quote UNK UNK , it was possible to make definite advances , exactly as in the sciences .
Nothing looks anything like an UNK or an UNK but another UNK or UNK .
A process of UNK which leaves the artist with nothing but the play of his materials themselves cannot sustain interest in either artist or public for very long .
he further UNK that frequent formulas in epic verse indicate oral composition , and assumed the slightly less likely UNK that oral epic is inclined towards the use of formulas .
Yet a fresh inspection will indicate one crucial amendment : Beowulf and the Homeric poems are not at all formulaic to the same extent .
UNK seems nearly as severe a curb , although in a celebrated passage William of UNK declares that A Song Of UNK was UNK before the battle UNK at UNK .
Even though the UNK of his verse is not so great as the writing poet can manage , it is still great enough for him often to be seriously UNK unless he has aids to UNK rapid composition .
The Germanic poet had such aids in the kennings , which provided for the difficulties of UNK ; ;
But we can say that since a writing poet , with leisure before him , would seem unlikely to invent a technique based upon frequent and substantial UNK , the kennings like the epithets must reasonably be UNK to an oral tradition .
One of the greatest UNK of our time , Frederick M. UNK , argues that when it is assumed The Iliad and The Odyssey are oral poems , the postulated single UNK called Homer cannot be either credited with or denied UNK in choice of UNK .
Any example of grand or UNK diction may have been created by the poet who compiled numerous UNK into the two works we possess or may be due to one of his completely unknown UNK .
The epic language was not entirely the servant of the poet ; ;
Beowulf and the Homeric poems appear oral compositions .
Yet they are written ; ;
Other theories of origin are compatible with the formulaic theory : Beowulf may contain a design for terror , and The Iliad may have a vast UNK pattern answering to a ceramic pattern produced during the Geometric UNK in pottery .
The account of the growth and final UNK of these UNK rests partly , however , upon the degree to which they were formulaic .
there is no reason to think that the UNK used and UNK whole lines and even lengthy passages after the manner of his Homeric colleague .
The Iliad has two words for the shield , UNK and UNK .
Such associations suit well with the UNK or UNK aspects of UNK novel , but , on a deeper plane , they relate to the themes of sin , guilt , and pursuit that have recently been analyzed by other critics .
UNK iron control over her ( `` she would remove her hands from any dish she put before him , UNK , as if she UNK his calling her back ) '' ) rests on his having once got her UNK of a murder charge by UNK UNK her sleeves at the trial to conceal her strength and by passing off the UNK on the backs of her hands as the UNK of UNK rather than of human UNK .
When the UNK that UNK Pip from Joe finally gives way before the deeper and stronger force of love , the reunion is marked by an embarrassed UNK at which Pip UNK : `` No , don't wipe it off -- for God's sake , give me your UNK hand '' ! !
The UNK which money UNK implies a different UNK , and , upon taking up the life of a London gentleman , Pip must learn from Herbert UNK that `` the UNK is not generally used UNK , but under '' .
UNK of the use of continuation cards are included throughout the examples UNK the various statements .
The initial availability of index words and electronic switches is determined by a table which is included in the UNK UNK UNK .
The UNK or UNK number of the index word or electronic switch was used in the operand of a symbolic machine instruction to specify UNK or as a parameter which is always an index word or electronic switch , e.g. , 3 .
During the assignment pass of UNK 3 , , index words and electronic switches are reserved as they are encountered during assignment .
the third applies only to index words .
1 .
by means of an actual label or
If the UNK finds that there are no more electronic switches available for assignment , the warning message `` No More UNK UNK UNK '' will be placed in the object program listing , the table will be altered to show that electronic switches 1 through 30 are available , and assignment will continue as before .
As many as ten digital switches may be named and provided by the UNK statement for consideration by the UNK and logic UNK .
Through use of the UNK statement , a means is provided for UNK both the UNK of fields to be inserted in a print line area and the UNK of the area itself .
The area may also be provided with additional data during the running of the object program by means of UNK or move UNK .
A full description of the DIOCS , UNK , and UNK statements is contained in the UNK Data UNK System Bulletin `` IBM UNK UNK Control System '' , form Aj .
This statement also allows the UNK of the index words used by Aj .
UNK program UNK
If the first item in the operand is omitted , the symbolic name UNK will be assigned .
If the second item in the operand is omitted , the symbolic name UNK will be assigned .
With the development of the Red Bridge UNK south of Kansas City , Missouri , the UNK was faced with the problem of providing adequate sewage disposal .
The sewage system from Kansas City was not expected to serve the Red Bridge area for several years .
This necessitated the construction of temporary sewage treatment facilities with an expected life from 5 to 15 Aj .
This operation would permit evaluation of the pilot plant , with a slowly increasing load , over a reasonable period of time .
The composite samples were normally collected over a UNK period , but an occasional 24-hr. composite was made .
The large amount of vegetable UNK from the grocery store in the shopping center created a suspended solids problem .
UNK UNK examinations were made of the mixed liquor as indicated by UNK and UNK for the various types of protozoa .
The added resistance to the UNK damaged the drive UNK and reduced the oxygen transfer capacity .
The actual power requirements indicated 2 lb. oxygen transfer / UNK / UNK .
The BOD data are given in Table 4 .
UNK for an over-all concept
Now the problem is presented UNK and sometimes UNK .
The result can only be confusion in the public mind .
The Communists are UNK at UNK UNK short of general war and will do so whenever it is to their advantage .
UNK warfare does not involve UNK between large opposing forces , with the decision a result of a single battle .
This exchange must result in our ending up with some effective units .
UNK would be UNK and current fiscal policies make this an UNK solution .
There may be others .
A concurrent effort is needed to make UNK data useful on the spot .
They are still considered to be for use in restricted waters , however , and targets must come within a few yards of them .
Such mine defense systems could permit concentration of mobile forces in the open UNK with consequent increase in the probability of success .
Mobile forces are required to UNK and attack detected targets , since the systems are not capable of UNK a target .
UNK 1 , isolated from the medium , however , showed a lower specific activity , which indicates UNK synthesis of this UNK .
UNK evidence UNK indicates that the molecule ( UNK 1 ) ) is UNK at a secondary UNK bond .
The UNK of the enzyme by very low concentrations of UNK UNK is probably the strongest known biological effect of rare earth UNK .
-- UNK and UNK methods were used to demonstrate the UNK of UNK UNK and UNK acid .
-- In a UNK study of seed proteins , the UNK of the UNK nut have been investigated .
By strengthening the UNK assumption , it has been possible to derive second and higher order theories of UNK .
UNK ( UNK from Australia ) give the appearance of a second melting .
When rapid UNK follows melting , impact glasses may result .
No meteorites have ever been recovered from UNK UNK , and recent UNK containing impact glass have all been produced by metallic meteorites with the exception of UNK UNK , UNK , Western UNK UNK .
The various UNK UNK for UNK of volume and strain , UNK of pressure and strain , and UNK of pressure and length have been UNK .
( P. J. UNK , C. A. J. UNK ) chain UNK of UNK chains
UNK of muscle
UNK carried out over long periods of time in order to allow establishment of a steady state have shown that the onset of contraction and its completion are confined to an interval of several degrees UNK and to a concentration range of only several per cent .
UNK cooperating individuals in Great Britain , UNK , the United States , and UNK have contributed UNK or by making calculations .
UNK :
This publication covers the old literature ( UNK ) ; ;
The Geological Society of America gave a UNK to complete the work and bore the expenses of publication .
UNK are UNK UNK , G. E. UNK of UNK University , and Olga UNK of the National Council for Medical Research , London .
UNK dimensions , number of formula units per cell , space group , and specific UNK are given for all substances .
Use of UNK , symbols , units , physical constants :
UNK on Volume 2 , was begun in 1941 , interrupted by the war in 1942 , and resumed in 1945 .
The volume was completed in 1950 and published in 1951 .
Use of UNK , symbols , units , physical constants :
UNK :
There will be a comprehensive index in Volume 3 , covering all three volumes .
In this way a degree of unification of UNK , symbols , and units will be realized .
Because individual classes of foods differ in their requirements for preservation , a number of methods have been developed over the years involving one or a combination of procedures such as UNK , UNK , UNK , chemical treatment , canning , refrigeration , and freezing .
UNK responsible for the spoilage of foods
The term `` UNK '' applies to methods involving essentially complete destruction of all microorganisms .
As the coating becomes UNK , the cutting may abruptly change to a cracking type of failure .
Af and Af are the thrust forces acting against coating and knife , respectively ; ;
An analysis of the vector relationships shows that the rake angle **yc and the friction angle UNK determine the vector direction Af of the force UNK R and Af .
In the first picture ( UNK ) the knife is just beginning to advance into the inclined surface which was left from the previous chip formation .
With increasing advance of the knife into the coating the shear plane extends to the coatings surface and the shear angle rapidly decreases .
In urethane foams , for example , there has been a definite trend toward the UNK materials ( which are now available in UNK rigid foam systems ) and the emphasis is definitely on one-shot molding .
UNK foam as an UNK is also coming in for a good deal of attention .
New techniques for automatic molding of UNK styrene UNK have helped boost that particular material into a number of new consumer applications , including picnic UNK , UNK UNK , flower UNK , and UNK swimming toys .
foamed refrigerator insulation is under intensive evaluation by every major manufacturer ; ;
UNK , the main types used were various compositions of UNK .
The polyether UNK are claimed to give flexible UNK a UNK action which is much desired in UNK .
The UNK can be accomplished at some future time at a different location by the addition of the correct proportion of UNK in solution .
UNK UNK is directly UNK to the UNK porous , UNK construction which effectively traps air or a gas in the UNK of minute bubbles which form its composition .
It only takes a few minutes for the UNK action to be completed and after a short cure , the material can be cut into lengths as desired .
Although UNK stock appeared first , it soon became apparent that for the production of UNK with irregular shapes , UNK contours , or rounded edges , the cutting of UNK stock is a wasteful and UNK process .
In a typical application -- the making of rigid urethane foam sandwich panels -- an amount of foam mixture calculated to expand 10 to UNK more than the volume of the panel is poured into the panel void and the top of the panel is locked in place by a jig .
UNK is continued for 30 minutes or for a period of time sufficient to allow 100 UNK or passes through the squeeze rolls .
This test method is intended for determining the dimensional changes of woven or knitted fabrics , made of fibers other than wool , to be expected when the cloth is subjected to laundering procedures commonly used in the commercial UNK and the home .
Three methods for determining the dimensional UNK characteristics are established for those textiles which require restoration by UNK or wearing after laundering .
Table 1 , UNK all of the various washing , drying , and restoration procedures available .
The wash wheel is the equipment preferred for the test .
A UNK aluminum plate , used to provide the drying surface , is heated by means of a UNK .
The marked distances are parallel to the respective UNK .
also place three dots on the specimen at each side of the 10 inch square , one dot at UNK , and one at approximately 1/2 inch from each corner .
UNK knitted fabrics to be subjected to restorative procedure 2 , ( knit UNK gauge ) .
-- Run the machine continuously until completion of the test .
UNK tubes have been constructed showing high gain and resolution .
As it will be discussed later , peripheral UNK can be improved on by UNK curved fiber UNK .
UNK discussion of flux gain
flux gain of a single stage
The possibility of a space charge UNK of the screen UNK of the elementary electron UNK has been pointed out .
Space charge influences will also decrease at increased UNK .
A resolution of 70 - 80 UNK per UNK appears to be feasible .
It should be noted that UNK , due to `` UNK '' generated within the viewing screen by electron impact , appears to be important only if anode UNK in excess of 30 UNK are utilized .
But even more important than this is the fact that the direct search by simultaneously varying all operating conditions has produced only one optimal policy , namely , that for the given feed state and R stages .
`` An optimal policy has the property that whatever the initial state and initial decision are , the remaining decisions must constitute an optimal policy with respect to the state resulting from the first decision '' .
At the same time , every device that can be employed to reduce the number of variables is of the greatest value , and it is one of the attractive features of dynamic UNK that room is left for UNK in using the special features of the problem to this end .
Thus Af UNK the state of the feed to the UNK process , and Af the state of the product from the last stage .
We write this Af .
The objective function , which is to be UNK , is some function , usually UNK continuous , of the product state .
Let Af where the maximization is over all admissible policies Af .
When it is necessary to be specific we say that the optimal policy is an optimal UNK policy with respect to the feed state Af .
This will result in a value Af of the objective function , and when Af is chosen correctly this will give Af , the maximum of the objective function .
Thus Af where the maximization is over all admissible policies Af , and Af is related to Af by ( 5 ) .
Since by the principle of UNK the remaining stages use an optimal UNK policy with respect to Af , we may enter section Af of the table at this state Af and read off the optimal policy for stage Af and the resulting state Af .
It may be that the objective function depends not only on Af but also on Af , as when the cost of the operating policy is considered .
A form of objective function that we shall often have occasion to consider is Af .
Finally , when the accelerometer output is zero , the entire system remains UNK , and the platform is , by definition , leveled .
Since a lower loop gain and UNK UNK increases the response time , a practical compromise must be reached .
This leveling system will hold the platform UNK , automatically , as long as the system is UNK .
Also , it requires more time as compared to the automatic approach .
UNK .
The UNK procedure includes the use of a UNK for the transit to project a beam of light , which is darkened by crossed hairs , on the accelerometer mirror .
Although this technique is simple and satisfactory , one practical difficulty does exist : the direction of true north must be known for each launch point .
UNK .
UNK heading .
If the platform is not properly headed , the UNK input axis will see a component of the earth's rotation .
UNK
his lips and the usually sharp lines of his jaw had become UNK .
Even his neck seemed UNK and , therefore , shorter .
He said , `` Nothing '' .
`` You don't eat enough , honey .
He did not care .
Once , sitting at the front window in his UNK room , he saw Kate come out of her house .
They were far off and looked tiny .
Scotty said the same words more loudly .
`` Oh .
`` Do you suppose his UNK is characteristic of the new Negro professionals or merely of doctors in general '' ? ?
The exchange was almost UNK , and Scotty , in his bed , could hear every word of it .
After a pause , during which he studied Scotty's face as if Scotty were not there and could not study him too , Mr. McKinley would ask the same questions he had asked downstairs .
He did not mind the useless , kindly questions .
There was just too much time .
Time to become afraid .
`` We just sit quiet and wait '' , Prevot had said .
If Joe doesn't show up , we'll all be back here at UNK hours .
Remember what I said about going out to get anybody left behind ? ?
That still holds .
We bring back all dead and wounded '' .
Then began the journey through their own mine fields .
They set bouncing UNK to jump and explode at UNK level while we more UNK had them go off at the head .
Prevot had said that the UNK would be bounced off the clouds at UNK hours , `` which gives us time to get settled in position '' .
They were going to follow it for part of their journey .
If a branch extended out too far , each man held it back for the next , and if they met a low UNK , each warned the other .
UNK over all , Papa-san UNK down at him , threatening a hundred hidden UNK .
UNK in the distance a UNK flashed on , its beam UNK the sky .
`` Give me your machine gun UNK '' .
UNK the UNK presence of the other men in the patrol , he felt UNK united to these nine UNK sharing this UNK of being with him .
-- In France he had puzzled the meaning of the great stone monuments men had thrown up to the sky , and always as he wandered , he felt a stranger to their UNK .
`` Wait ! !
`` UNK , UNK .
`` They are also honest UNK after truth .
They refuse to mention or to notice that they are not there .
The reporters had not yet discovered that this was his UNK .
Mr. UNK knows that a soldier will get the UNK Service UNK for conduct that would land him in prison for life or the electric chair as a civilian .
He was a wiry , UNK , silent country boy from the red clay of rural Alabama , and he spoke with the broad UNK that others normally make fun of .
It was left out of him at birth .
He wasn't troubled with the ordinary , UNK fear that overcomes and UNK and UNK individual soldiers and whole companies under fire running in panic .
The Colonel ordered that it be wiped out , and I suggested , ' You ask for volunteers , and promise each man on the patrol a UNK of whisky , ten dollars and a UNK pass to UNK .
We knew the enemy was subdued , because a UNK was fired as the signal .
`` He recommended both of them for the UNK and the Detroit fellow for the UNK UNK , too , for a UNK wound .
And so he had , so he had .
Lawrence was waiting for Bill UNK .
He looked very carefully at every piece of UNK , as though hoping to store this information carefully in his mind .
This young man had so little time to learn he had to be curious ; ;
UNK looked at Lawrence with a searching glance , the kind that a UNK attorney would give a man on trial .
Old Chris is my ideal .
It was an old and dirty wooden structure , sadly in need of repair .
It began invariably in low tones , almost UNK , and then gradually worked up to high , shrill appeals to God and man .
Ann UNK was a lonely , devoted soul , never married , conducting a UNK home and devoted to her church , but a perpetual UNK and born critic .
She UNK over the new pastor like an UNK angel lest he stray from the path and not know all the truth and gossip of which she was chief UNK .
Meanwhile , the city itself should be talked to .
There was UNK and UNK .
Wilson inquired about it .
One of the leading members of the Amen corner was cook ; ;
Behind were UNK , for there was no sewage system .
But he told Wilson to `` go ahead and try '' .
It was next day that UNK came and sat beside him and took his hand .
This , of course , was the sort of thing that used to take place in Southern cities -- putting white houses of prostitution with colored girls in colored neighborhoods and carrying them on openly .
The wages involved were larger and more regular .
The UNK were white and from out of town , avoiding local friction .
He might have been anywhere or nowhere .
Before Payne UNK the Old UNK , UNK home , where UNK had once been killed .
It was still Good Friday , after all .
He did not really want to kill , but as in the sexual act , there was a moment when the impulse took over and could not be UNK , even while you watched yourself giving way to it .
`` I will go '' .
He saw only dimly moving figures , but when he slashed them they yelled and fled .
Two men pulled him off .
That would have made things so much easier .
Somewhere in the fog , the nigger boy was still UNK murder .
He UNK his horse , walked it away , mounted , and UNK it on .
The nigger boy was close behind him .
He rode on and on .
he knew he should get to Cap , but he didn't know how .
He was sure , for he had done as he was told , hadn't he ? ?
If he had any worries , it was only the small ones , about Mother in New York , and his daughter UNK and what she might be doing at this hour , with her Aunt Asia , in Philadelphia .
She had been one of the first to collect her UNK .
It was not so much that the shot had stunned the audience , as that they had been stunned already .
Behind him UNK a small UNK cloud of smoke .
They had been sitting too long to be able to stand up easily .
The figure was so UNK dressed , that it was as though a character from some other play had UNK into this one .
There was something UNK and crazy about its motion that disturbed them .
Harry Hawk had not shifted position , but he at last lowered his arm .
Mrs. Lincoln screamed again .
By the look of him he wasn't that far gone .
With a bold arm , he dared once more to UNK them .
Stevie could feel himself UNK .
The blow encountered UNK hair and hard bone .
A dull boom and a UNK UNK .
He dressed , and sped UNK .
the Episcopal Church was one block down UNK Street ; ;
Somewhere , beyond , where shadows UNK , must be the UNK pit of which Papa preached and the dreadful Lake of Fire .
There was no church like UNK Church , no preacher like Papa , who was intimate with Him , and could UNK UNK to UNK .
Where UNK UNK UNK into the UNK was a magnificent swimming hole .
The mouth was UNK and wide , the long UNK in the upper lip like a slide .
UNK was at UNK and Will at Albany Law School , where they surely could not hear it .
if he missed it , never again .
he dared to wait for the lightning .
He trailed Ludie to the baseball game in the lot on UNK Street near the Dutch UNK .
A UNK sat solemnly beside a UNK half his size .
He wondered whether God had a dog in the sky .
A tall lady , with a UNK collar very low on her bosom , turned UNK green eyes upon him .
They stayed at hotels and UNK , or at private homes .
If the UNK bastard could write ! !
UNK UNK .
He thought of her , the first one .
Look at UNK .
UNK the place up .
UNK UNK bastards been UNK to UNK up the Program for months .
UNK .
He saw himself before them delivering the speech .
He halted , and looked around .
His old self .
But a nigger .
When I talked to UNK about it , he said , Everyone can learn , if he is not a UNK or lazy .
So you're not UNK , Johnson , you bastard you .
Why UNK ? ?
UNK dog , sleeping and eating right there with the Staff .
UNK it .
Anything .
It made no sense to him .
-- name William UNK Four Internal UNK in UNK .
''
UNK .
The waves UNK in on you and your girl at night there on the warm beach in the moonlight .
( he asked this out loud , but no one heard it over the other noise in the hut ) .
He goes to the chief himself .
To UNK surprise , however , their host gives them fresh clothes to put on , opens his purse to lend them money and UNK them down before a good dinner .
How could the rich , for whom life was made so simple , ever understand the UNK , the lies , the UNK , the errors , sins and even crimes to which the poor were driven in their efforts to overcome the great advantages the rich had in the race of life ? ?
His UNK music had little merit .
He couldn't appear as a composer now .
`` I'd simply like to know if it is as good as you kind people seem to think '' , he said .
The musicians of the Royal Opera would not UNK a work merely to see how it would sound .
That would certainly be UNK .
But now what crazy UNK and turns of his emotions ! !
UNK at one and the same time that his work might be turned down -- which would be a blow to his pride even though no one knew he was the author -- and that the work would be accepted , and then that his violent feelings in the matter would certainly UNK how deeply concerned he was in spite of himself .
On the contrary , he was pleased that his face showed a neglect of several days .
`` Why not '' ? ?
Since I am the composer '' ! !
Now times have changed , and I must UNK that hair doesn't grow on my face .
But of course behind his UNK he didn't feel bold at all .
`` They're UNK ! !
I think you could have heard him a mile away , and he was bursting at every UNK with importance .
but I do know that he gave the day tone and distinction .
for what had happened on the common was only terror and flight ; ;
They marched with UNK fixed , and as fixed on their faces was anger , fear , and UNK .
I had squeezed the trigger of my own gun , and to my amazement , it had fired and kicked back into my shoulder with the force of an angry UNK ; ;
I know that I myself felt that it was a mortal shame for a man to be torn open by a British UNK ball , as Isaac had been , yet I also felt relieved and lucky that it had been him and not myself .
Someone said that while we were standing here and arguing about it , the British would be gone ; ;
That settled it , and we broke into parties of two and three .
That summer the gambling houses were closed , despite the threats of Pierre UNK , a UNK manufacturer .
He finished the worship service as if there had been no UNK attempt to UNK God and man .
`` We all know that UNK UNK and the woman are UNK living together .
`` Do not listen to that Frenchman .
`` There can be no compromise when souls are in UNK '' .
A week later the sentence of the Council was carried out : UNK UNK and the woman were marched naked through the streets past a UNK UNK .
How grateful he was to such men ! !
His easy good looks made him a favorite with the ladies .
And John's reply was always the same : `` Anything that affects souls is the concern of the Church ! !
`` John ? ?
What now ? ?
Slowly , like a man grown old , he took UNK hand and led him below to the tower study , guiding him to a chair beside the little UNK where a fire still burned .
We will not yield to the demands of UNK '' ! !
`` UNK '' ! !
Somebody UNK a stone .
Before he could duck , another stone struck him .
`` Let him be now '' ! !
He had seen a dry , old , UNK hand reach out , with that painful UNK , to touch , to UNK , to shift UNK , some object worth a UNK .
The smoke from that chimney rose as UNK as smoke from any other , and hung as sadly in the UNK , creeping back down along the UNK canvas of the roof .
The gray face stared straight ahead in the UNK .
`` UNK o' UNK , UNK '' ? ?
She had UNK in her soft UNK .
He demanded .
Adam looked at the pot .
`` UNK '' , UNK said , and UNK licked his lips .
And it UNK for UNK '' .
Amy walked -- making it halfway across the cottage floor .
The comfort was UNK , yet she found herself returning to the assurance whenever her imagination forced images on her too awful to contemplate without the UNK of illusion .
With a hard eye , she informed UNK : `` Don't sure UNK me , officer .
The maid was very black and very energetic , trim in a yellow UNK uniform .
she was one of UNK UNK UNK UNK , adopting the rolling UNK and UNK UNK of Los Angeles .
The bulk of the press corps was covering UNK conference .
However , the UNK remained , augmented by several dozen UNK UNK .
One of the reporters called to him : `` Anything new , Lieutenant '' ? ?
He imagined they were the kind whose tax returns were never examined ( if they were , they were never UNK ) , whose children had no unhappy UNK , whose names never knew UNK .
a tiny cake of ice .
Eugene was not entirely silent , or openly UNK -- unless asking Harold to move to another chair and placing himself in the UNK that creaked so UNK was an act of UNK .
Through the open window they heard sounds below in the street : UNK , a tired UNK UNK step , voices .
`` UNK me '' , he said in UNK English , and got up and left them , to UNK and dress .
The first shrill ring of the telephone brought Harold out into the hall .
And a UNK man whose glance -- direct , UNK , and UNK accusing -- was UNK by the UNK and black frame .
It was the kind of frame that is only put around the photograph of a dead person .
The titles he could read easily through the UNK wires : works on theology , UNK physics , history , biology , political science .
UNK at everything .
`` I don't know what I'm going to do with you '' .
And the thing about hurt feelings , the wet bathing suit pointed out , is that the person who has them is not quite the innocent party he believes himself to be .
Fortunately , the embarrassing questions raised by objects do not need to be answered , or we would all have to go sleep in the open fields .
And in any case , answers may clarify but they do not change anything .
UNK , these UNK what he was feeling within himself .
When Michelangelo explained why he had come , Rabbi UNK replied UNK :
And sensitivity '' .
His image of the Virgin had always been that of a young woman , even as had his memory of his mother .
Next he turned to wax because there was a similarity of wax to marble in UNK quality and UNK .
UNK and models were his thinking .
It took a piece of bad luck to show Michelangelo that the boy was devoted to him .
UNK arrived with his family surgeon , UNK UNK .
She held UNK letter , his words burning like a brand , and knew suddenly that the bonds between them were UNK .
Joel came and sat UNK with her , sharing her pain and anguish , UNK his eyes from the ice UNK on her bosom .
Joel worked like a field hand in the afternoons after school .
He had been at lessons in the schoolhouse since they returned from UNK Ferry .
Joel knew what he was about , however .
`` Everybody knows I'm just a UNK , deaf old man who takes to drink .
`` UNK all them UNK UNK the hills , they did ! !
`` All UNK know down UNK is it were at UNK UNK and it were a big fight '' , the old man told them .
I wish our doctor could have saved her '' .
She asked him , seeing UNK eyes grow bleak .
Their eyes UNK too much of their emotions , she thought sadly .
They slept -- UNK with a UNK high-pitched snoring , the damn UNK ivory teeth watching him from a UNK table .
In the UNK below , the dark had given way to moonlight coming in through the bank of French windows .
It was a delayed moon , but now the sky had cleared of UNK black and the stars UNK the UNK sky .
Its UNK was UNK .
New York lay UNK in the summer sun , and the morning fish hawk , flying in the heated air , saw below him the long UNK UNK of Manhattan Island .
It was UNK settled by fifteen thousand citizens and laid out into UNK streets , mostly around the UNK , going UNK north to Wall Street , but giving up and becoming fields and farms in the region of Harlem Heights .
On the east side of the island of Manhattan the indifferent hawk knew the East River that connected New York Bay with Long Island UNK .
On the western tip of Long Island UNK Brooklyn Heights .
Across the bay the UNK were heavy in green timber ; ;
The British ships rolled at anchor , sent out picket boats and waited for orders from London .
He looked out through UNK turned a faint UNK by sun and weather , looked out at King's Bridge toward UNK .
The UNK events of the last few days flooded UNK mind and he rubbed his UNK chin and felt again the UNK in his UNK caused by his saddle UNK from Boston .
He hoped he was free of UNK .
Here he was , suddenly caught up in the UNK of a war , in the spite and UNK of UNK and UNK .
He knew that many were using it for their own ends .
Yet some , like Morris UNK , would UNK themselves for the new ideas .
UNK circumstances would test us all , he decided .
UNK puzzled Andrei .
Andrei remembered a UNK meeting long ago .
All of them were there in this loosely knit association of UNK UNK , and each UNK the other and beat his breast for his own approaches .
All of Poland is a UNK .
By late afternoon the train UNK into the UNK yards in the UNK at Lublin , which was filled with lines of cars poised to pour the tools of war to the Russian front .
From the moment of the occupation Lublin became a focal point .
Lublin was the seed of action for the `` final solution '' of the Jewish problem .
In the spring of 1942 Operation UNK began in Lublin .
`` Not everyone , Styka '' .
`` Do you really believe that , UNK '' ? ?
What I mean is , he was a UNK and the greatest soldier in the UNK .
`` I have sat many hours with this , Styka .
He was a square brick of a man with a UNK face and UNK Polish features .
`` My cousin works at the Labor Bureau .
I'd forgotten all about Thelma and the Kentucky UNK and how it was UNK fifty dollars I was spending .
It was just me and Eileen getting drunk together like we used to in the old days , and me staring at her across the table crazy to get my hands on her partly because I wanted to UNK her neck because she was so UNK but mostly because she was so wonderful to touch .
He can't object to that '' .
Never in my life have I felt so UNK about anything I've done as I did about spending that night with my own wife .
Eileen declared she couldn't lift her head from the pillow .
I turned around with the UNK in my hand .
Brown eyes , UNK UNK .
We didn't have time to speak before UNK voice was screeching at us from the bed .
I wrote her that I'd met up with Eileen and that old bonds had proved too strong and asked her to send my clothes down by express .
UNK Eileen to squeeze all the drama out of a situation .
I felt it and it ate on me all the time , but I didn't know how right I was till later .
I couldn't make out what his UNK was .
He had the same bullet head of UNK UNK hair but he didn't have UNK UNK humor or his brains or his charm .
UNK thing that ever happened .
Now Eileen really would have to settle down to love honor and obey , and she'd have to quit drinking .
They weren't as well paid as they should have been .
he was to try to make no UNK ; ;
Hino talked very little about himself except for the UNK times when he used a personal illustration in connection with another subject .
He was even more startled when he heard what Kayabashi wanted .
When would the UNK like to bring his guests up here '' ? ?
`` At three o'clock if it will be of convenience to you at that time '' .
`` How many children do you have present today '' ? ?
UNK can help you .
Claire was bitterly disappointed but determined not to let the UNK UNK her purpose .
UNK girls UNK in the UNK of the Abbey , the youngest and seemingly the most innocent being chosen to read a sermon filled with veiled UNK .
The UNK UNK UNK up pictures of the UNK UNK with relish .
UNK , all that belonged to the age of `` UNK UNK '' and `` UNK UNK '' , UNK and UNK of the Order ! !
She was the UNK as clearly as was Venus in Shakespeare's poem .
Byron inquired .
`` I'll tell you nothing .
This is no damned holiday , UNK .
It stood some fifty paces from the edge of the bank .
The men in the boats had started UNK happily at first sight of the officer , two of them calling him Billy .
It was easier to think now , Watson decided .
He stopped UNK , leaned against the UNK , UNK wall and let his mind drift .
What in the name of God was he doing , crouched in a UNK pit on the wrong bank of the river ? ?
He grew annoyed and at the same time surprised at that emotion .
For what ? ?
The Union soldiers UNK arms and settled into healthy , indifferent UNK to watch the feeble UNK of the UNK .
In a confused , soaked and stumbling shift of bodies and lifting arms , the two men were dragged into the same skiff .
Watson looked for the fourth man .
Watson watched the creeping figure .
If he failed to reach the UNK in five minutes , say , then the UNK would pull away and leave him UNK in the mud .
Still the guards did not move , but stood UNK , UNK from the UNK man .
Watson UNK wildly .
But you ain't Henry .
-- Not far .
We're almost there .
He stood with his back to the skiff .
To hell with John .
I would not want to be one of those writers who begin each morning by UNK , `` O UNK , O UNK , O UNK and Dickens , what would you have made of a bomb shelter UNK with four UNK UNK , a UNK , and three composition UNK with long UNK and red UNK '' ? ?
Mrs. Ten UNK did mental health .
Her hair was UNK , and her bloom was UNK , and she must have been UNK forty , but she seemed to be one of those women who cling to the manners and UNK of a pretty child of eight .
Her voice dropped .
`` Mr. Flannagan has been away for six weeks .
He UNK all over the world .
UNK made her feel faint , and in Tokyo , where she had gone that summer , she had been given raw fish for breakfast and so she had come straight home .
`` I've seen you walking your dogs on Sunday and driving by in the convertible .
Then he played nine imaginary holes of golf , choosing his UNK , his irons , his stance , his opponents , and his weather in detail , but the green of the UNK seemed faded in the light of his business worries .
UNK and ash , UNK and UNK , one hundred to win on Three in the fourth , fifty to win on Six in the third , one hundred to win on Two in the eighth .
Her thoughts were not UNK .
I should be obliged if you could make other arrangements for your daughters .
`` That will be so nice for you , Mrs. Packard '' , she said .
She ate .
The girl , her first , she barely remembered .
He saw the land with a UNK eyes , all the old UNK gone .
Solid , settled lost .
`` I suppose it has to do with the property '' , Mark had said over the telephone when they had discussed their UNK of the letters .
Not until the words had been spoken did Abel suddenly see the old house and the insistent sea , and feel his UNK UNK out in one UNK moment of UNK .
His sandy hair was already beginning to thin and UNK at the sides , and Abel looked quickly away .
He could tell they were approaching the sea .
UNK thoughts must have been keeping silent pace beside his own , climbing the same UNK in dirty white UNK , UNK out on top of the UNK and coming upon the sudden UNK water at the same instant .
`` Remember the UNK ? ?
They came unexpectedly upon the sea .
He was a UNK UNK .
It put you off .
`` Big Hans sent me .
The UNK kid .
He had long black hairs on his wrist .
`` A fat hell on Big Hans .
He's an even bigger fool than you are .
Hans had laid UNK towels over the kid's chest and stomach .
Water from the snow and water from the towels had run off the kid to the table where the dough was , and the dough was turning UNK , UNK to the kid's back and behind .
`` UNK he say ? ?
Did you ask him about the whisky '' ? ?
`` You'd best get that whisky '' .
`` You go .
Ma never went near the old man when he was sleeping it off .
Oh , he was being UNK and careful , UNK about in the drawer and holding the bottle like a snake at the length of his arm .
They were always trying so you got to expect it .
Pa had a UNK for hiding .
But he'd find out about this one because we were using it .
I guess UNK Hans and me took doing .
I got hold his mouth open '' .
I didn't want to touch him and I hoped Ma would do it but she kept looking at the kid's clothes piled on the floor and the pool of water by them and didn't make any move to .
UNK UNK he had once used as the basis of the design for the UNK UNK Company plant hung on a rope in one corner , and over his desk , next to several old and dusty hats , was a clean pair of UNK UNK which he occasionally used up and down in front of his house .
He kept on laughing until she started laughing with him .
Whenever he laughed it was all he was doing .
She stood clutching her UNK around her shoulders until he had swung the car onto the road .
she could dust the plants , then break off suddenly and pick up an old novel and read from the middle on ; ;
Then she fell asleep again as UNK as a person with fever , and when she awoke it was dark outside and the clarity was back in her eyes .
She lay still on the bed , her head hardly UNK the pillow ; ;
Those who had driven hundreds of miles for the burial would not go home , for she might die any time ; ;
The older men would be there at noon , and maybe rest for a time before they took their guns off to the creek or drove down the road towards town .
`` And who is this '' ? ?
`` He makes me uncomfortable '' .
`` Howard '' .
Almost immediately Howard and his daughter UNK drove up in the Cadillac .
It was easy to see that they were made for each other , and they knew what they wanted .
Howard sighed .
`` You lucky kids '' , he said .
but they were going up to the Big House after supper , and she had to put on a clean dress and fix her hair a little .
Perhaps it was just that he had so much more flesh , so that more of it seemed to come in contact with hers ; ;
but she had never been so aware of UNK flesh before .
he had helped fight an UNK fire that raged six days and nights .
`` This is my hen ledger '' , he informed him in an absorbed way .
The clocks struck UNK as they approached the hotel entrance ; ;
and hopes that the UNK and UNK would still be UNK began to rise in Alex's well exercised breast .
They advanced in a line across the entrance hall to the stairway and up , with UNK steps , towards the first landing .
It was then that they heard the UNK of one descending and , in some UNK UNK up , saw the UNK coming towards them as they gained the landing .
Alex told her that there was no hurry for their UNK , trying at the same time to effect a UNK separation of the persons before and behind him .
the audience attended .
The doctor instantly asked .
`` All right .
At the door Alex managed to persuade the increasingly astonished UNK de UNK to return in ten minutes .
A UNK of sheets being smoothed and UNK being arranged indicated the UNK de UNK presence inside ; ;
`` Why , Winston '' , she'd cry , `` I just now saw you eating it out of the jar '' ! !
But he knew how important it was for her to keep her figure .
`` I told you what Miss UNK doctor said '' .
Too many times was the truth of it , Winston thought .
He asked UNK .
She made him sad some days , and he was never sure why ; ;
it was something to do with her back , the UNK of it , and the quick , UNK way she bent .
Each brass handle and UNK UNK for his reward , and he knew how to get at the dust in the UNK flowers and how to take down the long glass drops which hung from the UNK .
Since then , the flowers she had planted had spread all over the hill .
UNK , he hurried to the living room .
The UNK lemon tree .
`` What possessed you to tell me a UNK would be a good idea '' ? ?
Winston laid it in the basket .
He had only agreed with Miss Ada about getting the UNK , but he had actually suggested the photograph to Mr. Jack .
`` Tell me what to get her for Christmas '' .
On Christmas night , they had had a disagreement about it .
She had asked .
He had stood at a little distance , studying her , as though he would walk around next and look at the back of her head .
These letters became the center of my existence .
For many nights afterward , the idea of her having been so close to me in that imagined bed would return and fill me with obscure and painful desires , would cause me to lie awake in shame , UNK with UNK , longing to fall into a deep sleep .
She was wearing her dark hair in two , thick UNK to attain an `` American Girl '' effect she thought was appropriate to UNK .
It made her look sweet and UNK , I was excited to be with her , but I did not know how to express it .
I forced confidence into myself .
There was a great sense of UNK .
I looked over their faces and felt a UNK : they all looked so much more knowing than I .
I looked for Jessica to UNK out of the UNK , UNK crowd and , as the time passed and I waited , a UNK came to life beside me and whispered in my ear : How was I planning to greet Jessica ? ?
She knew that I lived at a good address on the UNK Coast , that I had once been a medical student and was thinking of returning to the university to finish my medical studies .
I've worked this ward for three months now .
You've not seemed like them , but maybe you are .
It's not a joke to be sent to a place like this or to Hanover .
Her eyes flashed angrily .
I'll tell you why I didn't go to college ; ;
`` Do you have a boy friend '' ? ?
`` My aunt raised me .
It suddenly seemed very important to me that Mary Jane UNK should know the truth about me -- that I was not the confused , sick , irresponsible person she believed me to be .
`` We'll go up to the UNK Beach Hotel for dinner '' , I said .
Now , riding this hospital bus , feeling isolated and utterly alone , I knew that she was genuine and unique , quite unlike any girl I had known before .
But I had the proof , all UNK in a legal agreement which I would show her the moment I was free to do so .
Perhaps this was reality and UNK Nelson , the actor , was UNK ; ;
But because it was a suspense UNK story of the UNK era , many of us felt that it might catch on for a run in Chicago , continue as a road company , and eventually become a movie .
This let me in for a lot of kidding from the rest of the company , two members of which were native UNK .
`` All right , you bastards '' , I said , `` the great actor is about to buy a drink '' .
I know where the car is .
I found a parking place half a block away , sat in the car and waited .
Then he came out and started driving toward the beach .
I remembered it was the UNK Tom place .
He had written out the license number of his car but had UNK the last two figures , an old UNK which is still good .
I took another UNK glance at the other registration card , then took the key to Unit 13 that she had given me and went down long enough to park the car .
I was so hungry my stomach felt all lines of communication had been UNK .
The powerful UNK I could press against the wall between my motel unit and that occupied by the man would bring in the sound of any conversation , and I was UNK UNK I was so hungry .
`` I'm in a hurry , UNK '' .
I said `` UNK it , that's the automatic signal that shows when the UNK key is on .
She wanted to hang around while I was eating .
You see , she's on a diet .
`` UNK can be terrible '' , the girl said .
`` Not a bit '' , I said , `` but she's keeping her figure in hand '' .
UNK and Dave began to back toward the door .
You know '' ? ?
It was dark inside the room but enough light UNK from the restaurant behind her to enable her to make out a round table with a green cloth top .
You ain't kidding me -- the kid don't know the name of this town '' ? ?
His mouth worked over the UNK , the UNK in his vocabulary .
Once he said , `` UNK hell didn't you look in the back seat of the car before you drove off ? ?
She thinks she's in a ordinary garage '' .
Vince swore again .
The thin man stopped his UNK long enough to glance at the clock .
Grosse swore now .
Vince shouted finally , `` Get her over to UNK and I'll come by and see that she UNK put '' .
His voice lost its sullen tones and he chuckled .
`` What is it '' ? ?
Grosse UNK and UNK .
`` In a Chicago slum just like you .
Who could blame her for that ? ?
He placed a bottle UNK on the counter .
Barney finished the cigarette he had been smoking .
And was he afraid to do anything as definite as UNK her ? ?
Lauren UNK was in trouble and she was alone .
We're going '' .
As he UNK his gum and UNK UNK breath , Marty UNK the UNK of bad whiskey .
Marty smiled at UNK pleasantly and said , `` There was a cab waiting for me here .
There was another on this side , a little further down .
Then he realized the utter futility of the idea .
A foolish thought came into his head .
The UNK by the UNK ended .
It was the Ford that had been outside UNK farm .
Marty looked UNK in both directions .
He jumped , and sank to his knees in muddy water .
For moments he stood in water , shivering and UNK for breath .
They would be coming for him next , bearing down on him from both directions .
He did not dare climb back up to the road .
He stumbled to the middle of the road and simply stood there , waiting for them , a perfect target .
The weird , insane sound of the Rebel yell UNK again and UNK from the distant hills .
`` Oh , no , not again '' , he said aloud .
`` Not again so soon '' .
There was a new sound , a sound as UNK as the Rebel yell , yet different .
Shayne looked at his watch .
That wasn't too far from Fifth Street , and should allow him to make Scotty's Bar by midnight .
`` I hope to Christ .
We've got one other call to make before I meet UNK '' .
`` It's parked in front '' .
He went around the corner and parked , turning off his lights and motor .
''
Maybe with specific orders to see that I don't make contact with her .
He turned away and returned in a moment with a pint of brandy in a small paper UNK which he slid over the counter to Shayne .
As the detective slid it into his pocket , Rourke asked sadly , `` What in hell are you going to do , Mike '' ? ?
He walked over to the UNK door , opened it and got the UNK automatic out of the glove compartment and put it in his hip pocket .
He hoped he wouldn't be forced to use it in taking care of the Beach detectives , but its weight was comforting at his hip .
The big , UNK man named UNK was on that side , UNK in the seat toward his UNK companion so that his back partially rested against the closed door .
He glanced up in time to see Roberts UNK down on him from above , literally flying through the air , his UNK face twisted .
After a moment he extended one hand , the fingers curled .
Roberts brushed at his eyes with his free hand and started down the steps .
He was UNK to attack , but he could be handled , Mickey knew , if he could be brought to make the first move .
He hit Roberts with his left fist in the ribs and the razor cut toward him UNK , then UNK in UNK .
They would have to .
When he had closed the suitcase he found a rag and moved about the room , UNK carefully everything he might have touched .
He found the key to the Jeep , got it started and warmed it up for five minutes .
It UNK continuously , but quietly , UNK .
There was too much weight casually to toss it away .
It hung UNK on the point of dropping off .
There was little chance anyone would enter this shaft during the winter .
It landed on Roberts' sprawled right thigh , poised UNK , then slid off to the ground .
Instead of the usual UNK UNK UNK and patches of bare dirt in most UNK squares , the building was UNK in by a UNK growth of UNK and UNK and a smooth lawn the UNK UNK shade of UNK grass .
If there was such a person , I'm afraid she got away with it .
UNK we don't know more about him .
I think the best bet is to go through the society columns of last year and see if any of the UNK match with the UNK a little later .
She'd have made a great scientist dedicated to UNK down UNK and environment .
If you find out anything , come on back here and we'll get started on it '' .
From UNK UNK .
`` Said she had a UNK on her face -- some sort of UNK -- and none of her old pictures was good enough .
I'm sure it'll be in the files .
In the basement the sheriff took him to a small , UNK office occupied by a tall , thin man informal in UNK shirt sleeves .
UNK to look up something in the newspaper files , so don't lock him in here '' .
Before we built the new jail , we used to keep prisoners in here overnight sometimes when the old jail got too crowded .
`` I'll leave the air conditioner on for you , Mr. UNK '' , said UNK .
Hank thanked them and promised to observe the rules .
It told him little more than Mrs. Calhoun had remembered , stating that it had been a small , modest wedding compared to some of the others .
No mention of New Orleans .
The air conditioner was no longer running .
Then the faint beginnings of fear stirred in his mind .
It was awkward : very awkward .
Someone reasonably UNK .
Two weeks , a month , we talk it over again , and maybe if nothing happens meanwhile to say the cops know this and that , then we make a little deal , isn't it '' ? ?
Angelo gave him an affectionate smile .
But aside from everything else , it would scarcely be pleasant to have UNK with one who was UNK an UNK and actually held -- you could say -- the whip hand .
Who knew , Angie might not last long .
Not very much later , but when things had settled down a little .
And , Here , I'll take this , I was before her , you wait on me now or I don't bother with it , see ! !
It wasn't as if she wanted much .
UNK , she'd do her hair another way ; ;
Well -- I'll take it down with me as I go '' .
Maude UNK up the cup and UNK up her top UNK as if about to take off with a racing start .
Ben and Lucien have gone after them .
I told Ben so .
So somebody else could have come in , too -- then or later while she was out of the room .
It would have been easy to identify as opium by its odor .
And he certainly couldn't have guessed that she would resist his demand for the gold or that she was not the yielding -- yes , and UNK fool he had every right to expect .
That was not reasonable either .
That made a certain amount of logic .
UNK to the argument was the fact that while she might have tasted the coffee if it had been still hot , she might even have drunk some of it , she wouldn't have taken enough to kill her , for she would have been warned by its taste .
there was no point in locking it up in the UNK now , it was like locking the barn after the horse was stolen .
Sarah found the right key and unlocked the door .
And the fields were green and growing .
Maude had the opportunity to take the bottle of opium from UNK room .
Besides , there was something hysterical and silly , something almost childish about an attempt to frighten her .
So she couldn't choose Rev as a UNK ; ;
Always provided that Lucien himself had not UNK her coffee with opium , she thought , as coldly and sharply , again , as Maude might have said it .
Try to find out how happy he is with his wife , whether he plays around with women .
You might try looking into his wife too .
He looked at his watch .
Of himself .
Gilborn passed by him without seeing him .
Someone had taken her away from him .
Where there is a UNK entry in the ledger , there is a UNK one , he remembered from his school days .
The bed still showed signs of where Kitti had UNK .
At the end of the half-hour , UNK his brains , thinking over and over again of Kitti , her friends , her past , he left the bedroom .
Why hadn't he called ? ?
She tried to think of his UNK actions in the eleven years she had known him and discovered they weren't so many after all .
Stanley really was quite predictable .
Stanley had filled out the return and because , when he was finished , it was close to the lunch hour , he had politely asked Kitti to join him , never expecting her to accept .
Those ten days were like no others that Blanche had known .
`` Right '' , said the fingerprint man .
This , you will remember , was still New Year's Day .
By the time Felix turned up it was early afternoon , which , one would think , would be late enough so that by then , except for small children and a few UNK souls who had not yet UNK up , it could have been expected that people would no longer be having any sort of active interest in the previous night's UNK and paper hats .
The meat wagon , therefore , was not out in front of the house any more , but the cluster of squad cars was still there and there was a cop on the door downstairs to screen any UNK and UNK .
It's not too much to assume that you will have a more lasting interest in paper hats than will Mr. UNK UNK .
He , of course , must have been equally unprepared for what confronted him , but , UNK , I did find his reaction startling .
If Felix was still wearing the hat and carrying the horn because he'd forgotten about them , he now remembered .
He was dressed in a manner UNK might suggest for the outdoor man's country weekend .
Gibby said .
`` You always live up to your name , always like this , always making happy '' ? ?
Could your future , your immediate future , be made to include taking us upstairs , giving us a bit of space in which our friend can work , and making available to him your finger tips '' ? ?
That was almost forty years ago '' .
If you can possibly avoid it , you don't hand out any extra chances .
He quickly fixed that , rolling back the shades on some of the UNK and adjusting screens on the others .
None of his movements was tentative .
He was UNK , perhaps the only sleep he'd gotten .
`` She expecting me to '' ? ?
Word of his arrival spread through the crowd like a UNK .
UNK UNK kept their distance , UNK by the tragedy .
Andy gathered that this had been no small UNK .
However , it was virtually impossible to screen the mob outside , even if UNK had manpower available for the purpose .
I can hardly wait '' .
Bake asked .
We got a bunch of UNK out there tonight .
Hub , you stick by the stage door .
Whether he sang well or badly had nothing to do with it .
UNK the UNK and the UNK numbers left little but blues and other songs of equal melancholy .
They did ; ;
Vecchio UNK in .
Andy had no desire to linger himself but Hub reported that the mob outside was still large despite the efforts of the police to UNK them .
My God , how much more do you want '' ? ?
The old man opened the door and stepped out into the sunlight .
She stood frowning and chewing her lip .
She smoothed the skirt , sat down , then stood up and went back to the windows .
I'm all alone and certain things are going on that look very ominous .
`` Then I'd better wait until five '' .
`` UNK .
He had to cough then ; ;
Let her call UNK if she wanted to , let UNK raise the roof or even can him , he didn't care .
her motives were too UNK .
`` Mae '' --
`` They were all faded .
She shook her head .
Holden noticed almost UNK how she UNK , how the whole side of her cheek moved , a UNK of fat that extended down into her neck .
You're going to have to go to the police and explain what happened .
These included , as one , Mr. and Mrs. Anthony Payne , who had checked in a little after noon the day before , and had not checked out together .
Check the UNK out .
UNK met that .
)
Try to forget motive for the moment .
UNK UNK , producer of UNK .
UNK entered , then -- UNK which felt like facts .
Because , if for no other reason , Willings would never for a moment suppose he was not bigger , tougher , than anything else that went on two legs .
UNK are laid by those who doubt themselves , as any man may against a UNK .
He reminded himself that all UNK were tentative .
`` UNK out a pickup on Mrs. Mason and the boy when you've got enough to go on '' , Bill said .
let Stein .
Of four dark brown ears , one UNK slightly at this .
Shadow looked surprised , UNK , and trotted after her .
had only a hope .
The poor , UNK --
The telephone rang .
Pam realized , to her surprise , that she had been almost UNK .
No other cause of death apparent .
Probably around midnight , give or take an hour either way '' .
Then he asked to use the phone and called UNK Thayer , who said that he was just leaving to keep a lunch date but would be home by two o'clock .
UNK man on the make , Madden labeled him , and was ready to guess that in a correct , not too pushing fashion , the junior partner of the firm had political ambitions ; ;
The date , October 8 , 1957 , immediately caught the UNK eye .
She had reason to change the one she made right after Mr. Meeker's death .
Her estate had grown considerably .
With her sharp tongue she'd have cut his UNK to UNK .
UNK thousand to each of the UNK in Oregon ( not much to blood relatives out of millions ) ten thousand to this friend and that , five thousand to another ; ;
to the UNK , ten thousand each ; ;
There was an annual UNK , Garth informed him .
UNK UNK .
The UNK in there .
`` Why , I'm not fit to touch the UNK of her garment '' .
Griffith was trying to clear his head of the champagne UNK that UNK it .
Mahzeer and the prime minister are alone right now '' .
`` I want Captain Docherty '' .
He spotted Docherty coming out of a room at the far end of the corridor and called to him .
Griffith looked UNK to the captain ; ;
the prime minister knew who his enemy was here ; ;
he wasn't going to allow himself to be led UNK to the UNK .
Still , this had to be checked out .
He was unwilling to rely on UNK carrying his message , and he had no confidence the police would act on it .
He would have to do something on his own .
But what ? ?
On the second floor he saw the UNK faces of the party guests ; ;
it was framed in UNK UNK , and no faces were visible .
This would be UNK office .
He and the prime minister would be back from the window , seated at UNK desk ; ;
Mahzeer would direct the prime UNK attention to something out the window and would guide him forward and then step to one side .
The UNK was generously set back from the building line ; ;
He peered in the boxes themselves ; ;
He opened the inner door ; ;
It was more a matter of UNK , and also it was none of UNK UNK business .
The UNK UNK brown hair was heavily UNK , and as Killpath UNK the UNK through it , it stuck together in UNK so that it looked like umbrella ribs UNK to his pink UNK .
Killpath pulled one thin leg up , UNK his arms around the UNK to press his knee into an incredibly UNK UNK .
He put his chin on his UNK , stretching his neck like that of a UNK on a UNK block , and stared UNK at his sergeant .
Gun waited .
`` No , sir '' .
`` Now , now , you're just guessing , Sergeant '' .
`` But you didn't know a thing about it , did you '' ? ?
But stupidity was no UNK when it had rank .
`` I was out in the district , sir '' .
He stretched a pale hand out to the scattered papers on his desk .
`` Patrolman UNK is an alert and conscientious UNK officer .
`` UNK , Lieutenant UNK '' .
`` UNK , UNK .
`` The sergeant is just leaving '' .
Not that he gave a damn what the UNK sent out about UNK little speech on the UNK of platoon UNK .
All this went through UNK mind in the first instant , but what held his interest was the fact that these two should be together at all .
`` Can I tell you a secret ? ?
We're going to get married .
Casey kept his smile fixed , but some small inner disturbance was working on him as he thought again about UNK , who was eight or ten years older than the girl .
In fact , he did not think about Jerry Burton at all until he entered his living room and closed the door behind him .
Only then , when his glance focused on the UNK and saw that it was empty , did he remember his earlier problem .
Then he was UNK across the room , his thoughts confused but the worry building swiftly inside him as he snatched up the note .
Jack :
Casey heard the voice distinctly and he knew who it was , but it took him a while to make the mental UNK and control the disturbance inside his head .
It still took him another few seconds to remember the job he had done for Frank UNK .
He hung up with a bang , annoyed at himself for running off at the mouth like that but still terribly concerned with the situation he had helped to create .
So what ? ?
Casey heard the UNK of the distant receiver before he could open his mouth , and it took him no more than three seconds to make his decision .
He was in his car with his camera and equipment bag in less than two minutes , and it took him only three more to reach the corner , a block from Columbus Avenue .
Poet came in , raising his eyebrows UNK as he saw Elaine .
The price UNK hung from the belt and he pulled it off as he entered the UNK and looked at it curiously .
Poet nodded to Nick and entered the water in a similar fashion .
There was nothing quite like being alone on a boat on the ocean .
Next to the ocean , probably the UNK spot was the desert .
That was a hell of a note , he thought .
Nick recalled stories that the two best fishing spots in Southern California were over the La UNK Deep and the UNK Deep , two spots where the ocean dropped off to fantastic depths almost from the UNK .
He asked .
`` Any news '' ? ?
`` Not a thing '' .
The UNK on his foot caught on the UNK , throwing him off balance .
His UNK smashed painfully into the narrow UNK and he UNK as he grabbed his UNK UNK with his other hand and rolled into the boat .
The moment the sea closed over Nick , some UNK sense warned him that he would survive in this alien element only if he did not panic .
UNK , Nick flashed one hand up , catching UNK neck in the bend of his elbow .
At once the UNK pain in his chest stopped and he was seized with a sudden , wild UNK .
UNK , Nick held on , sucking on the hose , UNK the air that belonged to Poet .
It's a rich village but not much for action -- too many solid residents , not enough tourists or working UNK .
It's at the far end of the county and the last time I came here was for a hit and run UNK -- about seven months ago .
Hardly expected the head of County UNK up for this murder .
`` Never could figure out why you ever wanted to be a cop , Jed .
UNK a UNK farm .
Never had no trouble with him before , thought he was a hard worker , UNK around to get a full week's work .
Then he said , `` Never noticed it before I mean , when she was dressed but for a woman her age , Julia had a real fine figure '' .
Everything shouted gentleman farming , the kind of UNK UNK money the Point is known for .
The old UNK stared at me with her hard eyes , said , `` She didn't call .
I UNK on the kitchen table with my pencil .
Now they were empty , except for a cottage across the road .
She hadn't seen him since .
`` Well , for this week , but they wasn't due UNK Saturday .
`` Got us an old station wagon .
If she moved gracefully , she was UNK at it .
She was ' hiding ' on the floor of the back seat , the soft curves of her back and hips -- rousing lines .
For another moment we didn't talk , then she began to weep .
Go to the same hotel and occupy the same suite -- UNK '' .
Besides , the number of the suite hasn't been published in any newspaper .
`` Still , they may not want to rent it '' .
Stacy said he left her suite at nine UNK p.m. .
UNK revolver in her brain .
When Alec finished reading he was sure that either Forbes or Stacy had killed Diana Beauclerk .
`` Certainly , sir '' .
The clerk was young and limp , with a tired smile .
`` That suite is taken '' .
He raised his voice .
`` Of course not '' ! !
The clerk was almost hysterical .
`` It's just that -- well , UNK is being UNK '' .
Show this gentleman to UNK '' ! !
At the end of the corridor Alec noticed a door marked : Fire UNK .
The room was dark but a neon sign flashed and faded beyond the window .
Alec glanced into the bathroom .
Alec heard a faint sound .
Someone had moved beyond the range of the light from the window .
Something heavy shook the floor as it dropped .
The man's shoes were too pointed , his UNK too broad at the shoulders and too narrow at the waist .
He had seen it in the UNK at Police Headquarters in New York , in Broadway night clubs and Seventh Avenue pool rooms , in the criminal courts .
But you realize , I am sure , how much old deeds UNK to new ones , and you must forgive me if I tell you first of the old ones .
He was UNK his razor .
His ghost is not laid .
The ' when ' you know ; ;
UNK , too , have their haunting qualities .
There were no UNK UNK here because everyone had a UNK in the family .
A fascinating pursuit , I assure you .
It is now a sweep of UNK and UNK , with oak , UNK and UNK creeping across the common , and everywhere the ruins and the long , long shadows .
And it was because of an old UNK UNK that I got to understand them all so well .
I know as well as the next man that a ship is called from the UNK she carries , where the live wind UNK , and not from the hull .
He's always like that , in spite of being a big man .
Too many outside manners , to my taste .
He too asked to see the same page .
And later in the same week they both came together to examine the register .
They actually UNK .
After the usual UNK UNK , it went on to say that there had been set off to the widow one full third part of the real estate of the deceased UNK UNK , one lower room , on the Western side , privileges to the well and UNK and to one third of the cellar ( I can show you the cellar when we go up ) , also one UNK Right , and UNK they set off to the widow her own land that she brought with her as UNK , namely the UNK UNK .
I felt it would be UNK to disclose my presence .
Not that I UNK go UNK , but the UNK up there are very high and I am a small woman .
One month ago , on the 20th of October , was the opening of the UNK season in Massachusetts .
But , of course , he remembered now .
UNK UNK and a horn UNK furiously , but the man would have been hit if Phil hadn't called out to him a second before .
But he decided he wouldn't mind company in return for free drinks , even though he made good money at his job .
I believe in returning favors .
Phil decided to stay a little longer , and as time passed it seemed as if the strange little man had never been there , but for the other glass on the table .
Phil shrugged and ignored him .
He went back to work Monday .
By Wednesday the landlord was still alive .
Nobody witnessed the fall -- just the UNK impact when his body smashed on the pavement just outside the basement delivery entrance .
Haney went to bed , happy that at least he was rid of that lousy landlord .
Pete ? ?
-- he hadn't seen him sit down .
The man was UNK , like a shadow , and made as much noise as a shadow .
He'd have to start going to some of the other places again .
I came out here to retire .
A retired professional killer If he was just a nut , no harm was done .
About halfway back Pops groped against a wall and stopped , pulled away two loosely nailed wide boards at one end , and went through .
His `` UNK '' was enthusiastic this time .
When he handed it back and I had hold of it safely , Pops was looking toward me and I said `` Now '' , to Charlie and he swung the short length of lead pipe he'd meanwhile taken from his pocket , once .
-- and said it sharply , not as in the Patchen bit , but as an order -- so I stopped my hand and looked at him .
I UNK that blow to be UNK .
All right , now I'll give you a hand '' .
UNK is a quiet street with no UNK and was completely deserted at that hour .
But we were really going to do it .
I was dead tired and slept UNK , as far as I know UNK .
`` All right , I'll come clean .
Mike stopped to UNK all his brother UNK , the many UNK on Mars , corporate and UNK , the precious few on Earth -- the unknown powers of three on Earth that would be his to merge with and UNK now that at last long waiting he UNK and cherished himself .
My , you look UNK '' .
`` Sure , I'm hungry '' ! !
I'll switch on the UNK '' .
As for the night being warm , he would have been comfortable naked on Mount UNK but his water brothers had little tolerance for changes in temperature and pressure ; ;
UNK be plenty to eat by '' .
Mike liked having light up through the UNK ; ;
`` I was lonely always '' .
That was almost worse than the first time '' .
Her answer was not in words .
You too were a stupid UNK until you UNK me .
UNK UNK a deep UNK sigh .
`` Okay , I'm UNK .
`` That it had found a planet on which human beings could live and which was already inhabited by UNK beings '' ! !
No , not he , for I , and I alone , am responsible for whatever happens to me .
`` No '' , said Macneff .
Said Hal .
I am married '' .
But , from our reading of the Western UNK , we UNK believe that the UNK , knowing this situation would arise , made reference to and provision for divorce .
So , for all practical purposes , it was an independent nation and by now had its own organized government ( UNK outside its own borders ) .
Its citizens spoke all of the world's surviving UNK , plus a new one called UNK , a UNK whose vocabulary was derived from the other six and whose syntax was so simple it could be contained on half a sheet of paper .
5
Many years later , the UNK apparatus in the nose of the ship would determine that the star was close enough to UNK UNK .
This discovery caused Hal anxiety .
This is not wholly a reasoning process -- a computer cannot do it all -- and even in an Angel it takes time .
)
He had already become used to UNK snapping back answers to questions almost before Jack could get them asked .
But they have survived for long periods as races , whereas you are young .
`` For instance , Hesperus agreed to help me find my property , and I agreed to take him to Earth .
UNK the property was much less important '' .
To this we of course agree '' .
Besides , agreements `` in principle '' , with the UNK details to be UNK out later , were commonplace in diplomatic history .
The Angels in the nursery were UNK wildly in all directions , seemingly at random .
The instruments don't show them '' .
No -- there was a tiny UNK on the radar ; ;
The skiff was not heading for the nursery , however .
And there would be no chance of UNK them -- without the UNK generator Jack could not send a call powerful enough to get through all the static , and by the time he could UNK his fusion power the skiff would be gone .
Jack crawled under the boards and restored the six feet of lead line he had UNK from the UNK generator switch .
`` I'm going to turn my generator back on , as I promised to do .
`` As for my elders , they have already admitted that they were wrong .
`` How can a planet with so many neighbors be so lonely '' ? ?
`` We can breathe out there , all right .
`` I'm not worried about you UNK the UNK , Nogol , just about a UNK like you reading them at all .
What killed them '' ? ?
`` The planet is very low in radiation from mineral UNK , and the atmosphere seems to shield out most of the solar output .
Never at all .
He had to hide it .
The UNK invariably took advantage of him .
A man with UNK had better avoid bad dreams of that kind if he knew what was good for him .
Ekstrohm picked up a UNK UNK from the UNK library , a book by UNK , the famous twentieth century expert on sex .
Ekstrohm walked through the alien glass and looked up at the unfamiliar UNK , UNK the frozen UNK of the thin air .
The angry UNK face of Ryan greeted him .
It fits the pattern of secrecy and UNK you've been involved in '' .
Now all the bodies are missing , like they got up and walked away '' .
I UNK you fifty pounds and I'm fast for a big man '' .
Why do you have to jump me the first time something goes wrong ? ?
For her first three vegetable months she waved her UNK UNK , kicked UNK with her UNK feet and enjoyed the usual routine of the infant .
Not so obvious to her , but of more importance to her teachers , Helva UNK the UNK of her conditioning as easily as she absorbed her UNK fluid .
When they were forced to , Central UNK shrugged its shoulders , arranged a tour of the Laboratory UNK and set the tour off to a big start by showing the members case histories , complete with photographs .
Very few committees ever looked past the first few UNK .
She had UNK one of her UNK tools which she would later use for minute repairs to various parts of her control panel .
UNK people used their own vocal UNK and UNK but sound issued through UNK rather than mouths .
Her UNK became a UNK of surprise .
`` UNK '' ? ?
`` Of course , some of my color values do not match the old UNK and the perspective is UNK but I believe it to be a fair copy '' .
`` Are you referring , sir '' , asked Helva politely , `` to the Dark Age discussions of the number of angels who could stand on the head of a pin '' ? ?
`` I had that in mind '' .
UNK people were UNK to examine every aspect of a problem or situation before making a UNK .
Therefore to Helva , the problem that she couldn't open her mouth to sing , among other restrictions , did not bother her .
On the anniversary of her sixteenth year in her shell , Helva was UNK graduated and installed in her ship , the Aj .
There were nine qualified UNK sitting around collecting base pay the day Helva was UNK .
`` Of course '' , replied Helva logically , UNK her outside UNK .
`` No UNK from Central is scarcely a cause for UNK , but there happen to be eight other guys UNK their UNK to the quick just waiting for an invitation to board you , you beautiful thing '' .
Do you have anything for me '' ? ?
The two women UNK and UNK at him .
The pain was gone , though it had been UNK the first time .
Maybe I will grow another head .
the drug canceled out his needs for UNK of the body .
He remembered them well from his happy period .
`` Is that the name for the needle '' ? ?
This time B'dikkat smiled pleasantly at the little head which had grown out of Mercer's thigh -- a sleeping child's head , covered with light hair on top and with UNK eyebrows over the resting eyes .
Mercer turned away .
His own fate he accepted .
Nor did they care .
Each day he found himself thinking less often of Ann ; ;
each day the hurt was a little UNK , a little less UNK .
He had plenty of work to do .
He had no idea how much time UNK would give him .
UNK his Winchester against the front of the house , he walked to the girl .
There's water in the house '' .
It must have hurt her even to walk , for the sole was completely off her left foot and Morgan saw that it was UNK and bleeding .
Both had blonde hair and blue eyes , and there was even a faint similarity of features .
`` What are you doing here '' ? ?
Could you give us a job , Mr. ''
`` I've been UNK in a mine in the San Juan , but I used to work on a ranch .
We'll work hard , Mr. Morgan '' .
I gave you a drink and then you went to sleep '' .
`` UNK you can walk to the table '' ? ?
`` Mr. Morgan , it's the UNK food I ever saw '' .
He said : `` You'll feel a lot better after you have a bath .
Some way '' .
I just can't take any chances on getting her pregnant , and if we were sleeping together ''
They were a pair of lost , whipped kids , Morgan thought as he went to bed .
`` You can't stay here with me .
It's late and you said they'd be here by dawn '' .
`` Do you remember Big Charlie '' ? ?
They just all cleared out .
God in Heaven , I can't refuse you now .
When he had finished he led him and the mare to the porch .
I loved my garden '' .
`` It will grow again -- in California '' .
The moon had sunk below the black crest of the mountains and the land , seen through eyes that had grown accustomed to the absence of light , looked UNK , as if no man had ever UNK before .
The two men whipped their horses into town and flung themselves up the steps of the saloon , crying their intelligence .
But the liquor had UNK their courage .
Lester heard their muttering , saw their eyes reveal their desire .
`` You're Gavin's son '' , Joe UNK had said .
He made a fool of you , Lester '' .
The land over which he sped was the land he had created and lived in : his valley .
They dragged him inside the building .
She breathed .
`` The main bunch is outside , but there are some over there inside the wall '' .
Susan halted Dean and kissed him .
One wing stood open .
Mike passed through it and moved toward the dark mass of horses .
He tried to UNK the rifle around to fire into UNK body .
Mike took the bayonet from UNK hand and slashed the picket line .
He protested .
`` UNK '' ! !
`` UNK him and save something in case you hit trouble .
You might need it .
Then he was on his way at a UNK .
His shout had been taken up and repeated .
UNK and Calhoun came running from the post .
He crawled beneath the two supply wagons which stood between the buildings and peered around a corner .
Mike crawled to the door and peered in .
UNK inside , he found that three rifles were stacked in a corner .
He looked at the looming UNK of the supply wagons , struck by a new inspiration .
He turned and raced across the parade ground toward the rock house .
UNK began to snap past him .
The guerrillas scattered for cover .
One UNK .
A sizable supply of powder had been touched off .
The wagons and the coach were beyond saving and so were the buildings .
The men seem to think so '' .
`` There's no war on now '' .
More of an agricultural nation , they have relied on their warriors only for defense and for survival in the endless wars of the UNK .
`` Let the savages kill each other .
28 .
The UNK herd was the one UNK in our defense ; ;
UNK were filled , the herd fed and UNK .
At first they were only feathers and dark UNK faces and bodies , UNK over their UNK heads .
At the last second I dropped my sights from the bare chest and bright red circle to the chest of his UNK .
The morning air was filled with the UNK odor of UNK blood , the UNK UNK of frightened horses , and the bitterness of burned powder .
The sharp cries at the end of the valley were faint .
The horses were only several lengths away when he fired .
A second leaped from his horse to the top of the UNK , firing four UNK in such rapid succession it didn't seem possible they were in flight .
The UNK were almost UNK .
It sounded like a man kicking a UNK .
Now under me I could see him for what he really was , a boy dressed up in UNK of paint .
None of them reached our walls again .
And I appreciate the advice '' .
He stood watching the girl , wondering what was coming next .
`` But it's understandable .
It's not the kind of thing that a man would be proud of .
`` It doesn't hurt .
`` I ought to '' -- he said .
She seemed UNK .
`` I can take care of this .
`` Who was that '' ? ?
`` I'll bet that's as close as you've been to a man since you were a baby '' , Wilson said .
He saw her hand start to work down the leather UNK toward the handle of the quirt , and he grabbed her wrist .
Her hat had come off and fallen behind her shoulders , held by the string , and he could see her face more clearly than he had at any time before .
`` Both of you .
There would still be plenty of moments of UNK and UNK and guilty relief .
The land wasn't all Wilson had expected of it .
A warm breeze played across it , moving it like waves .
Since they could see me but I not them , their presence in the hall disturbed me .
His job simply consisted in UNK new men .
When the phone rang he answered it .
His authority extended to the far edge of the counter , no further .
He spoke to me in a UNK voice , an UNK which quite UNK his personality .
Once , pressing him , I learned that his job was only part-time , in the afternoons when nothing went on in the hall .
When he saw me coming he turned his radio off .
He made a show of UNK my forms on the shelf .
I withdrew my hand .
I had for some time been hoping , in vain , for one of the dim figures to pass between the fan UNK and myself .
It was , I felt , possible that they were men who , having received no tickets for that day , had remained in the hall , to sleep perhaps , in the corners UNK removed from the counter with its overhead light .
Its front was UNK , but irregularities in the UNK might be an indication that windows , now UNK , had once looked out upon the street .
As I had expected , he insisted that my visits to the hall would do nothing to further the process of my application .
The staircase itself seemed still to be UNK the heavy UNK of many men .
He had looked over my forms and was impressed by what he had seen there ; ;
Before they could guess his intention Rankin stepped forward and swung the UNK own gun against the uncovered head , hard .
They had chosen this night UNK .
They looked up in surprise as UNK came in .
`` He's having some kind of a fit '' .
The man UNK for the UNK of the alarm bell .
They were free .
Five miles .
It was to him that Barton had sent Carl Dill on UNK release from the prison .
Barton cursed under his breath .
He's quite a UNK , you know .
Let's go get the boy '' .
It brought men out of bed and sent them into hurried conferences .
For everyone involved knew that the whole valley was a powder UNK , and Mitchell Barton the UNK which could send it into explosive violence .
No man could have reached his spot nor held it without being UNK , and Hague had made a virtue of UNK all of his life .
`` UNK '' ? ?
Ten years ago they blew up some of our UNK .
After they had finished eating , UNK took UNK the UNK under her arm -- `` so that UNK Grace can teach it about the UNK '' -- and climbed into the station wagon beside her mother .
She locked the UNK , removed the keys , stepped out of the car and went into the house .
If she , Pamela , were being held responsible for his crimes , then hers must be the final act of UNK .
Was it not possible , after all , that the forest was in league with her and her child that its sympathy lay with the UNK that she had UNK in failing to understand this ? ?
they would not dare to face his UNK .
The UNK grew UNK and she slipped once or twice on the smooth pine needles .
She was sure she would reach the pool by climbing , and she clung to that belief despite the increasing number of UNK .
It was a bold , dark UNK of pine UNK that stood like a medieval UNK , UNK the sun and human time .
In spite of her attempt to preserve her balance , she fell , UNK her arm on a naked stone .
She looked around .
The thought made Pamela UNK .
It crept into the open neck of her UNK and slid down her body , UNK into her flesh through all the quivering UNK of her skin .
She had to get away from here before this UNK possession swallowed up the liquid of her eyes and sank into the fibers of her brain , UNK her of reason and sight .
Pamela groped blindly .
UNK cracked loudly under her feet ; ;
`` I think you UNK , Tom Lord ! !
Wasn't you goin' to say UNK '' ? ?
If I could make myself feel the same way
Just so UNK sure of himself that he puts the Indian sign on everyone .
`` This ain't your brand , maybe '' , Lord suggested .
`` I feel like getting back to town , that's what I feel like ! !
`` What did you mean by that UNK UNK ? ?
Getting the boss UNK to help you '' ? ?
`` What else would I mean , UNK '' ? ?
The car UNK along at a UNK crawl , the UNK UNK UNK and scraping against the tire , occasionally scraping against the road itself .
It was the wrong thing to say .
The deputy had forced him to by his manner of UNK him .
Don't like to bother no one unless we have to , which I UNK we do , in your case .
UNK we got to be UNK careful with any of you UNK big shots '' .
I've given UNK hurt to no man .
Somehow more terrible than the certainty that he was about to die was the knowledge that Lord would probably not suffer for it : the murder would go UNK .
She lived by the rules , never UNK , never UNK or UNK by circumstance .
And UNK would --
But they deliberately avoided the one subject that had them all curious : the failure of the UNK wife and son to join the outfit .
Supper would be ready within the hour .
He'd come alone , without his wife and child .
But her mother would UNK her if she mentioned it , and say that it was none of her concern .
They were sitting on their heels , UNK , over by the still empty calf wagon .
Give her time to miss you .
Hell , in a year or five or ten , the boy will have forgotten me -- his own father '' ! !
If you take the one , you'd better take both '' .
Hogan got down from the saddle and had a look inside .
They rode to the UNK House , a little farther along the opposite side of the street .
But he felt no physical discomfort .
I won't '' --
Red UNK patience ran out .
Macklin said .
Brannon said .
Its windows glowed with UNK .
Deputy Marshal UNK UNK still stood guard on the veranda , a UNK , UNK figure in the UNK dark .
They brought to it all the UNK that clung to men like themselves , that of their own sweat , of UNK smoke , of horses and cattle .
There had been no sign of a UNK and no track or trace to show that anyone had been near .
William Lewis made the rounds of all who lived near him again , that August morning after a bullet landed at his feet , and once more he accused and threatened everyone .
For the UNK , UNK UNK aimed a little higher the third time .
The authorities had to release him .
But there were other UNK who passed the Lewis murder off as a personal UNK killing , the work of one of his neighbors .
And he collapsed and died instantly .
`` UNK '' ! !
I heard o' Texas UNK UNK a cow thief up in green UNK and UNK the sun UNK 'em and squeeze him to death .
The lesson had been learned .
The examples were plain .
This was the message found UNK to the cabin door .
No cow thief could count on a jury of his sympathetic UNK to free him any longer .
( A detailed search of old UNK reports fails to UNK this in the slightest .
Brenner shrugged UNK .
`` You're not to mention my name .
Brenner continued to smile , but his eyes were cold .
Tell her to hurry '' .
Curt wanted to get Jess alone , without interference from anyone , even as UNK a person as the store owner .
''
Jess cursed again , and entered the barn .
Jess caught his breath in surprise .
`` We ain't got nothing to talk about .
`` Your UNK brother isn't in the house .
`` You can forget about Brenner , too '' , Curt said .
`` UNK '' ? ?
If we was both armed , you wouldn't talk so tough '' .
Curt , angry enough to be a little reckless , raised his hands shoulder high .
I just wanted to hear you say so '' .
Jess stared at him without answering and let his hands fall to his sides .
Curt was too involved in his own problems to pay much attention .
Curt managed to duck beneath the man's UNK fist , and drove home a solid left to Jess's UNK .
It was like hitting a UNK of salt .
It gave Curt time to UNK to his feet .
so the UNK UNK over Curt's head .
He stepped inside Jess's guard and landed two UNK to the big man's belly , putting everything he had behind them .
Even Black's old UNK began to UNK , and from the house Black yelled , `` Jess ! !
Curt was in almost as bad shape , but he wouldn't quit .
`` It was UNK idea '' , Jess UNK , UNK at his nose .
The buckskin bolted out of the stall .
Curt moved in and picked up his gun .
`` Get up , UNK .
He shoved Black toward the stall , and pointed his pistol at Jess .
Jess asked UNK .
Mrs. UNK words recalled Dan to his lack of fitness for UNK .
What a spectacle he was , UNK with dirt and sweat and blood , filthy as a pig and naked as an Indian , UNK the finest , the UNK , the UNK , and absolutely the UNK girl in this whole wonderful world .
He bellowed to the UNK back directly in front of him .
She had spent too many hours looking ahead , hoping and longing to catch even a glimpse of Dan and finding nothing but UNK .
I can see Dan .
After their supper , the evening turned into a regular `` UNK '' .
Rod shifted his eager eyes from the milling group out in the circle long enough to reply , `` I ain't much of a hand for UNK and UNK , but I'd sure like to get in on the UNK and UNK '' .
With Rod on his way and UNK visiting with Mrs. Jackson while they searched out familiar names on the face of the UNK , Harmony settled on the edge of the UNK box , to ease the pressure of her swollen body on her UNK legs , and worried about all that might have happened to Sally .
And she was deeply UNK that she could see her now , out there in the midst of a gay , youthful circle , UNK and singing , `` UNK in the UNK , UNK in the UNK , UNK the UNK , the farmer in the UNK '' .
She was glad , completely and UNK glad , to see that things were working out the right way for both Sally and Dan .
For UNK , it was the first she had known in many a night .
`` My UNK UNK '' ! !
`` A body would swear I UNK right up here on a cloud '' ! !
`` I ain't UNK him '' ! !
Dan grinned , and changed the subject .
UNK for the UNK , Cobb glanced UNK through the nearest window , and suddenly UNK aside .
UNK the steps steadily , they reached the top and headed for the door .
It was the UNK .
UNK , Pat turned to survey him deliberately .
The bartender measured this situation with heavy eyes and decided he wanted no part of it .
He said no more .
But he was more than UNK , and his UNK were UNK .
UNK up , his eyes UNK , he held out the UNK UNK .
UNK looks met them in the bar , but there was no attempt to halt them .
He and Cobb UNK down the high steps to the street .
I've had enough .
`` I'll UNK along home '' .
`` Whatever you say '' .
`` You owe it to Penny to give her a chance to explain that she was defending you , really '' , he observed UNK .
`` Old UNK wasn't '' , UNK Cobb UNK .
`` You're the doctor '' , he returned with a smile .
As near as Cobb could determine the shots came from the direction of the UNK ranch house .
Let's get out of here '' ! !
UNK took eight ships and went south across the UNK and along the north coast of UNK to UNK .
His face was dark as the sky above it as he stood on the wing and waited for his pilot .
But his hands and those of UNK moved automatically adjusting and arranging in the UNK procedure .
The control tower gave him immediate UNK permission , and the clean roar of the engine that took him off the rough strip spoke well of the skill of UNK .
To the west , the dark green hills of Leyte were lost in the clouds about halfway up their slopes .
UNK in close and we'll go up the valley '' .
If any of us miss , they can pick up the pieces .
`` Greg to UNK Blue .
One pass only .
UNK , he thought .
His nose up .
UNK UNK .
Greg's fingers closed on the stick trigger .
His burst held for a second on the engine section of the plane .
He fought the panic of UNK .
His air speed dropped until he thought he would UNK out .
UNK to realize that this was the end of a very short line I scanned a road UNK and discovered what the end of a slightly longer line would be for the old Mexican : UNK , New Mexico .
UNK '' , I said , UNK my Spanish vocabulary on my host and UNK one of a UNK store of smiles with my UNK daughters .
UNK UNK past .
`` UNK '' , he UNK , his white teeth UNK UNK those of the glittering blonde .
How far I knew will shortly become apparent .
When Johnson UNK `` UNK my buying us all a nice cold UNK , UNK '' ? ?
Just as UNK an -- an UNK , an Ah says ' UNK UNK you UNK ' , but he says ' UNK UNK , you UNK UNK one ' ? ?
And UNK .
Johnson was trying to grab the wheel , though the UNK of the truck was throwing him away from it .
We were off the road , UNK barbed wire pulling taut .
`` UNK your beer '' .
I UNK my head each time it appeared .
Beyond it the gray road stretched a long , long way .
High , so it would only bounce UNK but loudly off the UNK steel roof .
Suddenly and not a second too soon I thought of the coins in my pocket .
Big and dark , a melting , golden brown .
Eyes like hot honey , eyes that UNK .
She smiled .
She was wearing nothing beneath the coat .
`` I've done several UNK commercials for '' --
Ah , you were splendid '' .
It was fun for me , all right .
`` UNK ? ?
Anyway , it was evident what he had in mind '' .
But I'm sure the other one was Lou '' .
But if Joyce got involved in murder or UNK UNK , the role would probably go to the UNK wife , Mrs. UNK UNK .
But I promised Joyce I would mention her name , if at all , only as a last resort .
I shook my head .
`` UNK as long as you want , Joyce .
`` Yeah , I've heard more about UNK than space exploration lately .
How's it strike you , UNK or fair '' ? ?
Anything else '' ? ?
`` According to Rose , he arrived here a couple minutes before nine and spotted Thor in the water , got a hooked pole from the UNK UNK and started UNK him out .
I had a UNK studio which overlooked an ancient UNK filled with flowers and plants , blooming UNK in the southern sun .
There was something about the UNK of her face , her smile that was like New Orleans sunshine , the way she held her head , the way she walked -- there was scarcely anything she did which did not UNK me .
You must forgive me if I seem to dwell too much on her physical aspects but I am an artist , accustomed to studying the physical body .
When she appeared at the store to help out for a few hours even my looking at her was UNK lest my Uncle notice it .
I felt that her eyes were UNK me as if she were a painter and I a nude model .
Perhaps , with my Uncle , she found a measure of economic security that she needed ; ;
some women with father UNK do .
For several weeks we eyed one another almost like UNK partners , and then one day Uncle was slightly UNK and stayed home ; ;
`` You're the man .
I said .
I suspected why he brought it along .
You get a good , loyal husband -- UNK ! !
`` UNK , man , and all the UNK are UNK UNK '' .
Five days later , on receiving it , Meredith sat UNK his UNK on his writing table .
UNK ! !
He had returned to the pension a week ago .
Should she wake him ? ?
She had arrived this morning and come straight to the English Gardens .
No .
He UNK .
The UNK , who was UNK by her , told her , `` Your sister who was here two years ago has quite dark hair .
She had touched her face , truly a noble and pure face , only with a lip UNK which made her lips UNK but no UNK than usual .
As she was rather tired this evening , her simple `` Thank you for the use of your bath '' -- when she sat down opposite him -- spoken in a low voice , came across with UNK of intelligence and control .
; ;
in reading , on UNK , even in the large UNK of the UNK , UNK Center nights , his voice was intimate , thoughtful , and a trifle shy .
His new poem , a love poem , told of a young husband leading his wife upstairs to the bedroom when the lights in the house have failed .
At her door , two or three hours later , Mary Jane whispered , `` Everyone is asleep '' .
For three days , their UNK oxen had UNK up a UNK valley as flat and UNK as a dead sea .
He removed his hat to let the UNK sweat cut UNK through the dust film upon his UNK face .
`` And add fever to our troubles '' ? ?
They'll roll off in another day .
You don't even know where we're headed '' .
His wide mouth compressed .
In a way , he couldn't blame her .
The bitterness of their wedding night still UNK within him like an open wound .
`` I suppose '' , he muttered , `` I can sell the outfit for enough to send you home to your folks , once we find a settlement '' .
To his UNK , there suddenly was no haze .
They UNK under UNK covers , listening to the waves UNK against the bottom .
Now and then , the glistening side of a UNK object showed as it swept past .
The soaking will put life back in the wagon , too '' .
It UNK up into the air , then sinking back , the UNK branch turned slowly .
UNK eyes strained with the bitter hurt , his homely face slashed with gray and crimson .
Hope surged within him .
Brassnose , Max and I leaped into the sea and swam to the boat .
`` Let's get away fast '' , said Brassnose , shaking water from his UNK of UNK hair .
`` UNK , you UNK while we row '' , Brassnose commanded .
There were gigantic UNK and rope burns on our hands ; ;
In a voice so frightened as to seem not his own , the big UNK mate UNK :
You are welcome to Eromonga .
others still had UNK UNK of UNK flesh UNK to them .
Many small bones UNK UNK from the UNK of flesh .
I UNK the big man with the UNK hair on his shoulder and said heartily , hoping it would make an impression on the women : `` This one is the UNK UNK .
This was the worst thing I could have said .
UNK , UNK and her women had succeeded in driving a hundred UNK from the UNK of UNK back to their war UNK , after considerable loss of life on both sides .
Benson grinned and UNK a rock with his thumb like a marble .
It was a trick they used to try and conceal their identity when they followed trucks to check their speed .
When they were ready to leave , Benson and Ramey walked back around the rear of the trailer .
UNK and tanned , her dark brown hair was drawn straight back , simply .
The girl stopped but did not turn her head or acknowledge that someone had spoken to her .
There was nothing in particular on the man's face .
Ramey saw sunlight touch the UNK blonde hairs on the brown skin .
The man seemed to sink a little as Ramey brought the tire iron down on his shoulder and it seemed that the blonde head was turning as he hit the man again , with his fist .
Even yet there was no realization in his eyes .
Ramey could hear the crowd coming up rapidly behind him and the questioning voices coming over his shoulder had no identity or importance to him .
Then she saw Ramey and her face was UNK with UNK .
Some of the UNK was gone from his face and he stared at Ramey .
The patrolman said to no one in particular as he pushed between the fat man in the baseball cap and a young boy in UNK .
The fear had not entirely gone from her face , but there were some other emotions now , UNK into her eyes and the lines of her mouth .
She's got more guts than any other woman in the world .
And for the UNK time that week , he was startled at her beauty .
Penny would not rise to his mood .
For a brief period each year , the rays of the sun are warm enough to UNK some of the snows piled a mile deep at the base of the UNK , and then the UNK UNK in the daytime at high noon , and billions of UNK of water begin their slow UNK under the UNK and across the UNK hanging UNK on their long , UNK journey to the sea -- running east past the UNK UNK of UNK UNK and UNK , then turning south and UNK down through the UNK of UNK , past the UNK Hills , and into UNK , past UNK and UNK , until the hard water of the melting snows UNK with the soft drainage of fields and at length fans out to UNK with the UNK salt depths of the Bay of UNK .
He had a war reputation , but this was the kind of man women like even without UNK .
That is , everyone but Keith and Penny .
The bomb was a solitary one .
Keith told Penny about his dream to return to India and Burma .
UNK UNK across their path , UNK .
A phony blonde hanging onto a UNK youth and beauty , but UNK UNK in the neck , she was already working on her second gin and UNK , though it was not yet ten A.M.
But when it happens to you like that , I tell you , and you're a hundred feet from where you thought you were -- well , it makes you think .
`` Our boy didn't chicken out , no sir .
`` Well , that's the only way to be '' , Mrs. Forsythe said , and gave her UNK laugh .
`` That's my boy '' ! !
`` UNK not going to give up as easy as all that '' .
Now it did not occur to him even to wonder whether it was wise for Robinson to dive again : Rob was his boy , the kid he had UNK from the streets , the object of his pride .
`` But surely you have misunderstood Mr. Roy .
Whatever you tell him he will dive .
`` I do not drink so much '' .
And when I make the dive again '' -- He paused ; ;
`` Holy Mary , Mother of God , Star of the Sea , stay Thou with me on this next dive .
He crossed himself again and rose .
`` Well , I was a little bit confused .
For a while he was content to let events develop in their good time .
Then it would be a choice between starvation and suicide .
`` Come out , come out in the meadow '' , Matsuo said under his breath .
A signal ? ?
UNK on his mind were events of the past day when his whole regiment was destroyed in the hills .
faint UNK of UNK and UNK ; ;
Because he couldn't hear them , he was more convinced they were there .
He wanted the UNK marine to know fear , and so he aimed above the head .
UNK followed .
He wore no head cover of any kind and , more odd , had no visible weapon .
In one : a package of cigarettes and a UNK lighter , both sticky from the man's bleeding .
Then there was no saying how many times the marine had blown his nose on the handkerchief .
Too bad the marine had no water .
The marine reached up a hand .
Not only had he no UNK , but he lacked even the belt to hang one on .
He UNK and recognized it .
Every so often he turned the knife .
The marine UNK to weep and it UNK the sense of enjoyment .
He would soon die .
Matsuo UNK the rifle off his shoulder .
He performed the act twice more , and the begging in his tone grew more distinct .
down in the UNK of the sun he was becoming dried out .
He had no water for an enemy .
Only Blue Throat and his gang stayed where they were .
`` Since when did they allow UNK kids into the saloon bars of this town , boys '' ? ?
He straightened up , alert now as the buffalo UNK came closer .
UNK UNK fist swept over in a UNK right cross and UNK the big UNK on the side of his chin .
In two minutes the body of UNK former UNK , who had been killed by Blue Throat in a gambling UNK the previous night , was carried into the town's funeral parlor to be prepared for decent burial .
`` That UNK will be back tomorrow '' , predicted George UNK , `` and he'll bring fifty of his kind back with him .
It was essential that he should restore his formidable reputation as a UNK , UNK UNK , and this was the UNK UNK West method of doing it .
Several were firing into the barn when Billy Tilghman arrived .
UNK yards away from the barn he UNK inside a UNK shop and came out at the back .
Here he couldn't be seen by Blue Throat and his gang .
He was the UNK who survived more UNK than any other famous UNK character in the book .
Leaving his rifle in the wagon , Tilghman walked up to the door and UNK on it .
`` Hello , Ed '' , said Tilghman .
Along each side of the room were six UNK bunks , each one UNK off with a curtain .
One false move on his part and he would be a dead man .
He UNK back to the door , UNK softly , hands still UNK behind him .
If he showed signs of collecting his rifle and going back with his deputy to the ranch he would be shot down instantly .
`` Don't say or do anything '' , he said softly .
`` You'll stay right here '' , commanded Bill Doolin , covering Red with his rifle .
He would feel ashamed each time and wonder whether his mother and father knew -- thinking they might see it in his eyes or smell it on him .
But they never said anything , so he figured it was all right .
She would look at Jack , with that hidden something in her eyes , and Jack would see the Woman and become UNK and a little sick .
About that time Miss Langford straightened up and looked out the window directly at him , he thought , although probably she didn't even see him .
He ate UNK that morning , and his mother became concerned , UNK as he usually ate heartily .
`` I'll be all right .
Charles said as they picked their way over the rocky road which led up the hill away from the UNK Highway , through a corn field and a patch of woods to the school .
But Jack always derived UNK sensual UNK from UNK UNK ( even when he suspected his friend of UNK or invention ) , so he usually invited them , as he did now .
`` No .
What '' ? ?
`` UNK you do it '' ? ?
`` Hell , yes .
`` Time for books '' , she yelled , UNK a little UNK store bell in her right hand .
`` Miss Langford , come out and play with us like you promised '' , several of the little girls called .
`` Maybe some of 'em will fall down and we'll see up their dress '' .
He simply would not work his UNK problems when the teacher held his class .
And so when the others UNK out that afternoon Jack remained UNK in his seat near a window , looking out in what he hoped was a UNK manner , while the other kids laughed and yelled in at him and made faces as they UNK , going home .
The white girl with the penetrating green eyes UNK the UNK handed to her by a handsome man of about 30 , who had UNK skin and UNK eyebrows .
He proudly wore the blue UNK of her house , for the girl was Madame Delphine Lalaurie , wife of the prominent surgeon , Dr. Louis Lalaurie , who bore one of the UNK oldest and most cherished names .
She said with intense feeling : `` Come near , let me feel your arms .
You look quite strong and healthy to me , Dandy '' .
I want you to find Monsieur UNK at once and give him this money for the boy's purchase .
His bold eyes UNK the woman , and a UNK spectator might sense that there was more to their relationship than that of slave to owner .
Delphine presented her cheek for a kiss , and the physician UNK it like a UNK UNK .
I want the room in the attic prepared for him He is a most unusual lad , quite UNK in many ways .
His pinched face showed the UNK of UNK .
UNK , he UNK up some blood and collapsed into the arms of Senator UNK UNK , UNK the UNK shirt and UNK the politician wore .
The ball broke up in confusion .
After I paid Monsieur UNK for Dandy , I brought him home , but he was ill at ease and ran away the same night .
How he returned in such a UNK condition , or why , I cannot say .
Dr. Lalaurie and I didn't even know he was in the house until the night of our ball when he came down the stairs '' .
The excitement over UNK UNK death UNK and Madame UNK stock UNK when she resumed her UNK chores of visiting the poor and bringing UNK and comfort to UNK patients in the county hospital .
the UNK and Delphine were gaining on her as she raced down UNK Street .
The UNK cried out in an UNK UNK voice : `` Help me , somebody ! !
He had been UNK the UNK for a long , long time now .
He held the black plastic UNK lightly .
He grinned at them UNK .
She started to move toward the hay bags , dragging the reluctant Cappy behind her .
He cleared his throat ; ;
`` UNK you come from , Mr. -- UNK -- Mr. Smith '' ? ?
She snapped at him .
We haven't had anything to eat all day '' .
UNK UNK Feathertop Ernie UNK voice as he reached behind him , pulling out a UNK carpet bag , with leather handles .
He threw his head back , closed his eyes , and UNK UNK .
Or the bay of female dogs in heat .
She thought she was bigger than we are because she came from UNK '' .
This place was hatred to him , just as hatred was his only companion in his UNK .
UNK lined the streets with two-story houses the color of ash .
He would not be like the `` rich Americans '' who lived in UNK houses on the other side of the park .
He would not ride the UNK local to the city each morning .
The eyes , blue and always somewhat UNK , possessed a sullen quality .
Mr. UNK would have preferred death and bankruptcy to having his son stay with his wife's people without contributing to his and his UNK UNK , and besides that there were the things that had to be bought for the baby , milk and orange juice and vitamins and soap , just plain soap .
`` UNK Mae Evans said she didn't put a thing on her child but a UNK UNK until it was nine months old '' .
`` Well now , Maggie , you don't have to snap at me '' , Eugenia said .
The temperature dropped to twenty below at night and stood at zero during the days .
The cold settled like a tangible UNK over the Mile High City , locking it in an icy grip that UNK its outlines and altered its physical appearance ; ;
There weren't facilities to take care of them ; ;
Something had to be done ; ;
The UNK burst and they all laughed and stood in ice water to their ankles while they UNK the UNK .
`` UNK of people are poor all their lives '' .
`` I read it , yes .
`` UNK '' ? ?
Wait for me , UNK , I'll be dressed in half a second '' ! !
UNK going is my fault .
Never , `` UNK that , you UNK devil '' ! !
She UNK UNK Gunny whose UNK was due then too ! !
UNK birth was no UNK to Mr. Robards .
UNK UNK to having Dr. UNK , a former UNK , seemed silly to him , but he would humor her , get anybody she wanted , the best never being too good for her .
The chances were against his being here to humor her when her time came , she was sure .
He would be in the barn , or riding for the UNK ! !
`` Why don't you name him Jesus Christ ! !
Of course she wasn't herself right now , but as her strength came back her spirits didn't seem to rise with it .
It made him pretty hot under the collar , after the idea Miss UNK had given him , to be told by Miss UNK that her holy UNK was all reserved for this summer and next , if you please , and that much as she regretted it , they would be unable to entertain Mrs. Robards and the children .
`` Why of course not '' , UNK said UNK .
Perhaps Doaty had guessed already and kept her counsel .
In winter , in the city , there had been the UNK School , which taught UNK with a kind of UNK passion for knowledge ; ;
But I would have gone anyway , thought Henrietta .
Only at this moment -- perhaps because it was before dawn and she was lying in UNK bed -- she found herself examining how others might regard her .
UNK out , she could see a tangle of UNK and UNK , one not quite come to bloom , one just beyond it .
The UNK came UNK to Henrietta and begged for the flowers , UNK the air with UNK UNK .
`` UNK the tissues '' , he said , `` and UNK the system .
It must be that son who sat before her now , UNK to half his size and half his senses .
Man in a boat , there's a lot of places he can put in at and a lot of reasons he can be away for a bit .
Both church and UNK were smaller than she remembered them ( how many things had lessened while she was gone away ) but the UNK had grown so thick in thirty years that to find one named `` UNK UNK '' seemed suddenly impossible .
`` I don't believe I know you , and I can't understand your quaint brand of English -- it was meant to be English , wasn't it '' ? ?
`` All wrong ones '' ! !
`` UNK -- sorry '' ! !
She looked around , UNK .
And so she was , and would remain .
after coming to America , her parents had spoken only English .
She certainly looked Japanese , and perhaps she could not really blame the young men .
Perhaps a packing trip into the UNK , let his beard grow -- but that was too UNK .
He was disappointed to find a nervous , UNK woman with a big hat standing at the door .
`` Why is that '' ? ?
She apparently wasn't satisfied with his reaction .
`` How did you get by the desk '' ? ?
`` I didn't say it was Christian .
`` You know '' , he said , getting a grip on himself , `` I think you're going to have to excuse me .
Can't you help them '' ? ?
he heard her UNK on another door .
This proved UNK that The UNK was a UNK , so he walked on down to UNK , an even more UNK gambling UNK than the Golden UNK .
When he looked in the back , Mrs. UNK Parker was marking UNK cards .
he studied the pistol exhibition that UNK featured as an added attraction .
Owen found UNK watching UNK .
He was UNK down checks at UNK '' .
`` Something about the pollen '' .
`` Let's have a drink and discuss a merger '' .
Spencer said nothing .
Alexander said , `` UNK me properly , Spencer '' .
The UNK milling about of what had been a UNK , UNK crew struck Alexander with horror .
Mr. Heiser , does this sound like a truly workable plan to you ? ?
As soon as that one man is appointed by himself or the others or by a signal from Spencer , we are going to be rushed .
And when he did , when he gave to his ship that protection necessary to preserve her honor , he knew he would lose forever the Navy to which he had dedicated his soul .
Another field had given him fame enough to satisfy any UNK .
Dear God , at what a price .
And after a while , he dried his tears and walked the deck as a captain should with assurance and dignity .
UNK , he UNK the prisoners , satisfying himself that they were clean , well fed and comfortable within reason .
Captain , I am innocent of any plot against you or the ship '' .
`` I cannot speak for others , sir , but I am innocent '' .
Now Spencer , seeming with effort to shake himself from UNK , spoke .
And though it was logical that a man who could plot mass murder would not hesitate to speak an UNK , still it was difficult to understand why Spencer spoke only for Cromwell .
It was fantastic to turn from the seven men in UNK to the UNK , where a class of UNK awaited him .
This was a training ship and the training would continue , but there was an element of UNK absurdity here which Alexander recognized .
Some of these UNK were , in physical strength , already men and doubtless a percentage of them were UNK followers .
A young man appeared out of a side alley and walked toward us with quick strides .
Like the ones you will see now '' .
The dirty , UNK buildings looked UNK up , and their few windows stood high above our heads .
Little boys crowded together on long wooden benches , and in the center of the room sat the teacher .
They UNK a fixed tune in time to the report of the stick .
His tightly curled UNK hung down to his narrow shoulders .
His head barely rose above the table .
The old man in the UNK clothes waited at the foot of the steps .
They said that we must not fight but wait for the UNK '' .
She wished to change much for the children here '' .
When she loved , it was with a passion that drove her along and carried along with her those things she loved .
And I think she sought out danger as much as she sought out helping other people .
UNK to follow her impulse .
She set out to make sure that no Jewish child UNK in the world had to live in a place such as this '' .
Then he would walk off for a few days alone in the direction of Europe .
It was silent in the stone alley .
`` I know him '' .
She was limp and beaten from her loss ; ;
The big waking up had happened .
And Gratt UNK would be in Memphis today for the wedding UNK and then tomorrow he would marry just like everybody knew he would , just like everybody knew all along .
Because if you can't then nobody else can either , nobody else can have him .
And in a way the promise works out true , for whether he wants you or not , you go with him in your heart .
And you wonder if that is why the little man lost his job and his car and stayed drunk about a year before he straightened out and moved to St. Louis , where he got to be a big unhappy success .
UNK and factories and schools and a big wide federal highway , instead of peaceful corn to rest your eyes on while you tried to rest your heart , while you tried not to look at the balloon and the UNK and the uniforms and the flash of the instruments .
The bands were impatient , but they were the only ones .
The others , the ones in the stands , were UNK , for hearing the mayor was for them like listening to a symphony was for sophisticated folks in New York City .
Each of us had his own UNK besides .
The book could be The UNK UNK , but it would still have the same jacket illustration .
I remember once I did a jacket for UNK Press ; ;
the book was a fine historical novel about Edward 3 , , and I did a week of research to get the details just right : the UNK UNK , furnishings , clothes .
and in the third place , it would cost a fortune to reproduce in the first place -- you've got six colors there including gold '' .
He said , `` That may be , but it isn't authentic the way readers think .
As for Donald , he actually sold paintings .
I kept saying , `` If I could just build up a reputation for myself , make some real money , get to be well known as an UNK -- like Peter UNK , for instance -- then I could take some time off and paint '' .
UNK was a kind of goal I set myself ; ;
The night we first met , at one of Mrs. UNK giant parties , he was wearing a brown UNK jacket with silver buttons and a soft pink UNK shirt ; ;
Life had included him in its `` Modern American Artists '' series and had UNK him at his studio in the East Sixties ; ;
the corner of it you could see in the photograph looked as though it ought to have UNK in it painting the royalty of Spain .
In the course of our talk , UNK mentioned that he spent part of each week studying .
`` By yourself '' ? ?
He made a circle with his thumb and fingers .
I asked .
`` UNK UNK '' ? ?
Still painting , still a kind of modern UNK , beautiful UNK of mountains and farms .
We hold safe little jobs UNK UNK ads or the UNK incidents in trivial novels , and most of our UNK painting is nothing but picking the UNK out of the UNK so it can be UNK in greater purity .
What we need is to get back to the group , to learning and UNK , to the cafe and the school '' .
Actually , there was a lot of force in him , which is why I kept on in that class instead of UNK after a week .
`` What a fool I've been '' , she said quietly .
I was so sure it was all temporary that we would all embrace , and then the lawyer would tear up all those things
But the next day -- Sunday .
UNK brought to the dock accused of murder or accident say they cannot remember , and reading the accounts of their testimony you cannot believe that the mind can remove , absent itself , UNK .
The search began , in all the rooms , running upstairs , down , opening UNK , talking , UNK in UNK and UNK .
But it seemed not from what they were saying .
UNK on and on past any man's patience some final UNK of conclusion ? ?
With all that warm rain and the fog it might have been as simple as a UNK rock , a UNK .
Was it a hysterical release from the long strain of UNK of those weeks ? ?
Even now I am UNK at how little anyone knows of what they really are .
In my person they would always remember that last long time of me alone with her , so if they told themselves that I could have prevented it , I can understand that by now and love them still , because everyone must justify , have a UNK for what is not to be borne .
`` We all feel guilty '' , I turned away from her coldly .
`` It was UNK fault .
If they say I could have stopped her it is because they are ignorant of her last weeks of UNK , her search into herself and its conclusions .
By the time we arrived and entered the building sacred music was already swelling out into the UNK UNK with its UNK symbols of religious UNK .
`` I had a rather small place of my own .
`` Well , what about you , Carla '' ? ?
She asked , turning slowly .
`` What's the matter with them '' ? ?
Look at them '' .
`` Sam , no one around here UNK such heavy UNK .
`` And I don't know why you want to go on wearing that outfit '' , she said , making a face .
When they got home at midnight she was tired out .
It would be good for her .
From the time he had been at college he had achieved a certain UNK and UNK by accepting the fact that there were certain things he could never know .
It was all too UNK .
Look somewhere else .
It seemed to him that if the UNK felt sure of them , could place them , it would help him to feel more sure of himself with Carla .
`` Why not '' ? ?
The UNK offered them UNK with the coffee .
But very UNK too .
No , he was indeed a saint now .
Did UNK Raymond understand ? ?
Early Spring came from her bed , from beside her UNK husband , UNK , and stood at the entrance way to her lodge hearing the mild commotion , the sound of UNK voices .
But the girl said only , `` Tell him I am here , that I have come '' .
And Early Spring seized the whip and said :
`` If you must UNK someone , let it be her , your daughter .
`` Go back to that UNK man of yours who so UNK his fine body among the young women .
Keep him back , if you must tell me what to do .
But she went to him and pressed herself against his UNK , UNK the UNK odor of the whisky he had stolen from UNK .
But they could taste the UNK of violence and UNK through his UNK .
They went into the sun together and UNK UNK in their war clothes , painting their faces with the sacred UNK dug far off in the cave of UNK .
UNK UNK his UNK with clay , knowing the girl watched from her place in the trees .
And the suspicious , UNK eyes of UNK of UNK .
He felt so much like laughing ; ;
but she found the path she always used , the UNK of branches she had broken , those she had pushed aside ; ;
They were becoming confused .
Oh God ! !
He was staring at the blue UNK lamp left on beside him .
His fingers felt UNK thick and UNK .
He was drinking another glass of water .
It was after seven o'clock .
`` UNK driving me .
She asked him .
`` I'll call your mother as soon as I get home .
He stood up .
`` Oh , just sort of everything in general '' .
`` Yes , perhaps .
I'm supposed to joke about things , aren't I ? ?
Don't work too hard '' .
`` I UNK into a door handle '' , George said .
''
`` They make us UNK look good '' .
Susan ready '' ? ?
You'll see , UNK settling down '' .
whenever Lucy saw her , she tried , without noise or UNK , to give her the warmth she had never had from Myra .
Get moving '' ! !
The only thing that had ever come between them was that UNK , selfish sister of his .
And when you get back from UNK , Cathy will be here to play with you .
It isn't only birds that UNK their children in other people's UNK .
`` UNK UNK calling '' , she said .
she relaxed a little , and some of the tension went out of her .
UNK Myra ! !
His rock was special because no one on the beach could see him here .
He was a knight of the UNK Table , `` Sir UNK the UNK '' , UNK evil spirits and UNK and UNK and witches with UNK UNK .
When you get back I'll UNK be swimming better than Victoria .
Or , what was worse , she prayed for him out loud at UNK : `` Please , Lord UNK , please give my brother the strength to go swimming like he promised '' .
I can't go in .
He snapped .
`` Isn't '' .
`` Is '' .
They started with the UNK Bill of eighteen '' --
Not having said `` hell '' before , he stumbled a bit before gathering momentum .
`` Why don't you paint it red and white like a UNK pole '' ? ?
Quint UNK .
Come home or I'll come find you '' .
As for dancing -- holy UNK , he ought to see the UNK in UNK ; ;
Sometimes they argued .
Next morning he tied a bunch of sea UNK with string and threw them across the UNK UNK to the rock where she was swimming around .
He had to go into the water .
Then there was a UNK over something , as there had been UNK UNK before ; ;
It wasn't even John and Edythe .
John was good at his job .
But he got ahead in business : on leave from his job to an important Washington assignment during the war ; ;
But now -- well , it would be a blessing , I think .
Linda Evans felt more wretched than she had ever dreamed UNK death could move her to feeling .
`` Now , I believe Poor UNK work just a little harder .
I answered to find Nadine at the other end .
`` Oh , she wouldn't do that '' , I said .
I'll call you there in ten minutes '' --
Not for the dollar or so Nadine would give me .
Her face was UNK from sleep .
I just came over to make sure everything was all right '' .
I crossed the beautifully furnished living room to the pale yellow phone .
I told Nadine everything was fine , and that I'd be getting on home .
Well , there wasn't any law that said I had to stay ! !
Her skin was stretched so tight that her UNK stuck out , and if looks could kill , Wally would have been dead .
`` You stay out of this '' , she UNK at me .
And the other people there were listening ! !
`` UNK , '' Nadine UNK .
UNK lost his job ! !
`` I'd had all this trouble with the old man , that's why I drank so much .
Seems that the kid Wally had hired had a repair business of his own going on the side .
`` And told him right to his face he'd never slept with a woman '' ! !
They had not only spent every cent -- they were in debt up to their UNK , UNK on everything they owned .
UNK of all , Wally had no training for any kind of work .
It was easy enough to say it , because of course we couldn't spare a cent .
Well , now she can sleep in the street for all I care '' ! !
Then I felt uncomfortable , too .
`` The high school kids have got everything UNK up '' , he said , a UNK in his voice .
`` By fall they'll be back in school '' , I'd say , trying to sound encouraging .
And I couldn't take six more weeks of this .
Part of it was being so tired -- I'd not only had my usual full day yesterday , but a dinner meeting as well , that kept me up late .
But the rest of it , the main part , wasn't based on logic at all .
As usual , UNK bright smile greeted me at the breakfast table .
I looked at the chart for reassurance .
One of my private patients was being admitted and I went in to see her settled .
`` I've got the results on the UNK UNK test '' , he said .
There was something almost UNK in her tone , but I UNK it .
`` I've just been talking to Dr. UNK '' , I said .
That's quite minor , nothing to worry about .
`` No '' .
Even if we do , you'll be out of here in a week , probably '' .
`` No '' .
I'd had patients who'd refused UNK before , of course , but never one who didn't show , in one way or another , the reason why .
`` You shouldn't tell your little secrets outside of the patient's door '' , she said .
`` I've got cancer , haven't I '' ? ?
She went on , UNK my protests .
I stared at her , almost UNK .
`` I never asked you for any favors , Joe '' , she went on , `` but I'm asking one now .
If I let her go , she'd disappear once more .
Once before I had been to Paris , long before I married UNK .
That's what was on my mind .
I was just miserable .
Pretty soon a woman came along carrying a folded umbrella as a walking stick .
I knew all about her .
It's really UNK to drink good UNK like that , but I hadn't cared before .
I suppose we were cold , but we didn't feel it .
I was hungry as a UNK , and my body felt lean and vital .
`` What is this for '' ? ?
The coffee wasn't very hot though , made in a filter pot , but it was good .
`` You are very UNK , do you know , Stephen '' , she remarked .
`` I carry one in my purse .
We had champagne and UNK UNK .
England , France , Germany , Switzerland , and Italy had all been rendered for her time and again , and between the prescribed hours of pills and UNK , she had conceived a UNK passion by UNK , to see all these places with her own eyes .
UNK , thought Theresa , climbing in her UNK , UNK way , for she was someone who had learned that if you only move slowly enough you have time to notice everything .
Other people were doing it , too , sitting all along the wide UNK and leaning over the UNK above , watching the UNK mass , or just enjoying the sun .
how could you be both at once ? ?
Cousin Emma and Cousin Elec , brother and sister -- UNK , devoted , UNK -- had lived next door to the UNK in UNK from time UNK until the UNK had moved to Montgomery fifteen years ago .
He was full of heavy family UNK .
He had UNK downstairs into the parlor , in his agony , and was sitting , wrapped in his UNK , on a UNK .
They all surrounded him , the family circle , Theresa and George as solemn as if they were watching the cat have UNK , and Cousin Emma running back and forth with a UNK of hot water which she poured UNK into a white UNK pan .
He was younger than Theresa : she remembered looking down and seeing his great round eyes , while at the same time she was dimly aware that her mother and father were not UNK .
But there is more in this than meets the eye .
`` No , no '' ! !
Theresa UNK , still holding the family letters in one hand , realized that her whole trip to Europe was viewed in family circles as an UNK between Cousin UNK death and `` doing something '' about Cousin Emma .
It never registered with them that I had time to read all of UNK , Dickens , and UNK while Papa was dying , not to mention everything in the city library after UNK operation .
I asked him about it one night while we were sitting in his truck .
Johnnie was a UNK with a small lumber outfit in a town about twenty miles away , and he was also pretty good at anything in the UNK line .
She wouldn't have , even if he'd asked her .
It was weeks before we even kissed for the first time .
Yet even then we did nothing much but talk , and maybe neck a little .
You wouldn't '' .
I wanted him , with a terrifying UNK .
`` Will you always love me this way '' ? ?
I had had no wedding ceremony , no witnesses , no UNK of marriage , but I had all the joy that goes with them .
I had also thought a lot about how God must look on true love , and so in a way I was keeping my promise to God , my promise to remain pure until I was married .
There would have been a ceremony if it had been possible .
So I went to Boston .
`` I -- I don't think so , UNK .
`` No -- really '' .
In the cold light of day , it seemed a UNK arrangement .
And where was the thing ? ?
The doctor could call it anything from flu to UNK ; ;
From now on , his was going to be a man's world : the North UNK , duck UNK at UNK , beer and UNK and male UNK .
In these damp circumstances , he was an UNK bet to develop UNK .
His first thought was that Mrs. Kirby , in her UNK for color , had UNK a cat and that cat had somehow managed to open the refrigerator door and climb in ; ;
`` Would you mind UNK your onion '' ? ?
Said this note .
He got a red pill and a beer and then , on impulse , transferred the rest of his salami to her side of the refrigerator and UNK `` Be my guest '' on the UNK .
I mean , she's still living , and she's UNK .
But then , UNK are often pale .
Up on a UNK , he saw a girl , all by herself , sitting on a camp stool before an UNK and absorbed in her painting .
`` Of course I don't mind '' , she answered .
Now Vivian , for instance , was not too long on sympathy .
Charlie spent the next two days in his UNK bottoms , waiting for the fire in his back to UNK , and used generous quantities of the hand lotion .
There was a crowd in the stands for a change and the sun was hot .
But the Anniston boy had begun his slide too late .
The fighters were separated in a few minutes .
Mike yelled to the catcher .
Only Mike got to his feet .
It was a cold and calculated look .
The first ball the UNK pitcher threw came in for UNK head .
In the Riverside dugout Frankie UNK , UNK , whispered into UNK ear : `` There's gonna be a fight '' .
Phil sighed and pulled the wet UNK over his head .
Eddie Lee had not come in yet .
`` Well ! !
Phil turned away and opened his UNK , and then he heard Mike Deegan say : `` You're yellow , UNK '' ! !
Phil followed Eddie into the office and shut the door .
`` No '' , Eddie said .
Phil stood up .
You haven't got the heart for baseball '' .
UNK no UNK .
He did it because he knows for each guy he puts out of commission that's one less who might take his job away later on .
Phil said : `` I got my release '' .
Phil started to take his clothes off and Frankie sat down on the bench again .
Phil looked up .
`` Sure '' , he said .
At dinner one night , when he was fourteen , Richard announced , `` There is only one god '' .
As for The Book of the Dead , it along with his other books on religion had been UNK in a furnace in the basement of the building in which he had lived in New York .
He had UNK each of the books carefully and carried them all to the basement and , trembling at having to open the big furnace , given them up to the flames .
Then he sped from the dark basement and returned to his room and cried .
In time , he grew to depend upon her occasional company and she at length was able to encourage him to participate in more social activity .
She convinced him that he ought to be a member of some of the small UNK parties she held at her rooms and in the end he UNK with her wishes , although it was only rarely that he added anything to the random conversations .
`` Well , it's at UNK and there was a UNK young man , quite naked , taking a shower in the pool .
I've been there a number of times .
That night , after leaving UNK apartment , Richard walked about for a time before returning to his room .
He left the pool and climbed the steep stone stairs to the temple , and the sense of familiarity with the place would not leave him .
I had never liked snakes much , I still had that kind of quick panic that I'd had as a child whenever I saw one , but this snake was clean and bright and very beautiful .
He was UNK and graceful and he lay in the UNK and moved his arched and tapered head only so slightly .
I had killed snakes before , when I was younger , but there had been no animal like this one , and I knew it was UNK that an animal such as that should die .
My head began to UNK , and the UNK of the tractor began to bother my eyes , and I hated the job suddenly , and I thought , there are only moments when one sees beautiful things , and these are soon crushed , or they UNK .
I knew the boy well .
I looked closely at his eyes , and he was already innocent ; ;
I pointed to the UNK , upright stake .
He tried to take my hand to show me .
`` You saw the colors of it , didn't you ? ?
I UNK the stake out , that the boy had driven through it in the UNK part of its body , between the colored diamond crystals .
And then it moved a little more , and I knew the snake was dying , and I would have to kill it there .
`` I'm going to tell everybody how big a snake I killed '' .
`` Don't you see the difference now '' ? ?
I thought , you little UNK , you UNK , selfish , little beast , with brutality already developed within that brain and in those eyes .
Tax worries , production worries , personnel worries , and the letter from Hanford College , his own UNK UNK , a real UNK .
Hanford realized he had enrolled his son four years ago .
UNK , UNK .
A woman had it or she didn't .
She said what she meant and let it be .
He UNK as he locked the office and grinned as he got on the elevator .
Cady looked at Tom , who had taken him up and down for fifteen years .
`` Board meeting tonight , Cady '' ? ?
`` UNK anything from Hanford yet , Dad '' ? ?
Anne waited until the door had slammed and picked up the UNK .
`` And he wasn't really elected treasurer of the science club .
Don't worry , Cady , he'll be back in the Beethoven UNK by next year '' .
Anne folded the UNK document .
He hasn't used it now for several years .
For once Cady Partlow wished Anne would yell at him so he could yell back .
They had left themselves too much to discover .
Martin gave her a UNK UNK .
For he had just remembered : tonight they were having their first guests .
She'll rush to the bedroom when the UNK UNK .
At first he could not be sure .
A UNK of UNK slid over their voices .
For some reason , this UNK in the conversation spread until it swallowed up every other topic .
About this time people began `` dropping in '' , considering that the newly married had been left alone long enough .
Here they were at the mercy of anyone who chose to come by .
Of course , the tours of inspection included the UNK shorts .
To them all Dolores told a UNK and witty tale .
`` You were in a hurry , weren't you '' ? ?
His mind UNK frantically , seeking an exit .
UNK or later , Dolores would crack .
The tale , he thought , would become less gay .
UNK her fingers another inch , she caught up the shorts , and swiftly left the room .
She did not look at him , but he noticed that her face was UNK and her eyes UNK .
They UNK together , but Martin did not refer to his triumph , and Dolores found a great deal to do in the kitchen , UNK up and down from the table so that talk was impossible .
The conversion will cost a fortune .
`` Which is a UNK prospect , Bill '' .
Not to William's surprise , Freddy , Adam and Hamilton UNK UNK ; ;
Through Jack Hamrick , William fell into the world of automobile promotion and got several accounts for UNK and Clay .
Adam , UNK by changing defense conditions and the open secret that he was part of the new corporation , couldn't deliver from his end .
William spent a long week end UNK with Hamrick .
UNK , UNK reaction to UNK going into the passenger car market was UNK .
Then he caught fire .
They took nearly a month to investigate , UNK statistics , and put their arguments down in black and white .
You UNK take a fall , or publicly back away .
I hate that .
UNK the hearts and flowers theme '' .
Sure , UNK went broke in the UNK market UNK the Big Three .
UNK instinctively turned in UNK direction .
On their way , they stopped at every gas station along the main UNK to question the attendants .
The detective , UNK on Barco's behavior , felt that he merely belonged among the myriad citizens of our community who are mentally UNK -- that he was a more or less UNK `` nut '' ! !
A man of UNK ambition , with one eye on the UNK of Los Angeles , nothing ever escaped him which might possibly lead to personal publicity .
No one knew .
So he paid a call on Barco in his cell and began their UNK by stating bluntly :
`` Barco , we've got the goods on you ! !
But if true , it was the case of which he had dreamed , the case which would throw him into headlines all over America as the hero of a great murder trial .
He UNK .
''
UNK the cars at a fork in the road , he got out , paced off a certain distance to a spot between two UNK sand hills , and indicated a location .
With UNK and UNK , the policemen again started digging .
`` There's something here '' ! !
Although it was a mere UNK of the UNK remains , it was enough .
Then , noting neither the absence of his UNK nor the presence of the UNK , he made his way to the UNK room and , with his usual dignity , mounted the UNK .
But Mother insisted , for it is seldom indeed that anyone UNK connected with the UNK is ever received in their exclusive UNK .
There was to be roast chicken with dressing , UNK UNK , UNK , new peas with a UNK of UNK , UNK UNK , and UNK potatoes -- all chosen , prepared , and cooked by Viola herself .
Speaking into the phone again and UNK the UNK , I resumed my everyday voice .
Soon we were deep in a conversation that was interrupted many times by little things like UNK holding her breath and pretending to black out , UNK UNK the contents of the sugar bowl on the table , and various UNK , UNK , and UNK .
How about them , I thought .
Francesca and Herbert were among the few people we knew in UNK .
They were `` personalities '' .
She was the daughter and sole UNK of either a cattle UNK or an oil UNK and , having arrived in New York with a big bank roll , became a UNK in various fields .
UNK UNK her independence by UNK against the UNK uniform of Bermuda shorts and UNK UNK by wearing Bermuda shorts and UNK UNK in colors ; ;
Sometimes , though , they did not seem quite human .
Besides Francesca , there was Blanche .
She it was who had looked to see if I was wearing shoes upon learning that I couldn't drive .
all were fellows of finite charm .
I never thought I'd live to hear people UNK and say `` UNK '' ! !
In real life .
people who would give their teeth for a chance to get on `` UNK to UNK '' ; ;
They're not even food .
They're just something you're supposed to put on cereal for breakfast '' .
Could it do otherwise ? ?
Even though I have always had a genius for `` throwing myself '' into every role and `` playing it for all it's worth '' , no UNK can be expected to do her best work when her fortune , her reputation , her UNK , her home and her nation itself are all UNK .
`` Ah , you're too old '' , was invariably his UNK and UNK UNK whenever I suggested `` starting a family '' .
a `` UNK party '' at the new pool , which I had built in the hope of keeping Letch away from public beaches , when Letch and a certain UNK stayed underwater together for the better part of an hour ; ;
As UNK UNK conduct increased , our invitations decreased and my heart was in my mouth whenever I played hostess at a fashionable `` UNK '' gathering .
The `` shooting '' went on for eight months ! !
Most of our working days were spent on the telephone calling `` UNK '' , illegal gambling UNK , a certain `` residential club for young UNK '' , more than a hundred different bars or the steam room of the athletic club .
It turned out to be a life of Martin UNK , of all things ! !
)
Letch had returned from his UNK UNK and more badly behaved than before .
`` UNK , UNK and UNK '' , UNK said bluntly .
They were constantly assuring you that you were one of the world's great guys .
Did it take a man of UNK longer to write a letter , UNK , clean out a barn , read a newspaper , than a man of thirty ? ?
During all his busy life he had only done things which had to be done .
Thus committed , action might follow .
Add things as you find you need 'em '' .
After that everything should be simpler .
While Mr. Blatz was putting up the UNK and starting the workbench , Mr. Crombie told him of this idea about paneling the whole end of the cellar .
There was no question of that .
Mr. Blatz sat down in the only UNK kitchen chair .
`` I was just UNK to him that I'm all ready now for anything else you want done '' .
`` I have a thousand things for you to do .
`` Those are the things I can do , now that I'm set up '' .
`` Did you or did you not say what I said you said , because Jane said you never said what I said '' ? ?
UNK like this , framed in verbal fog , are perhaps the only kind that have ever UNK an experienced politician .
`` It took me five hours to write it that way '' .
Now can you tell me who was drunk -- The man , his wife , or me '' ? ?
In one UNK a family is shown outside a theater with the head of the family addressing the UNK : `` UNK me , but when we came out we found that we had left my UNK UNK and my wife's behind '' .
UNK of the UNK UNK are familiar with such items which often appear in its lists of verbal slips , like the ad in a California paper that advertised `` House for rent .
`` Officials UNK on UNK .
Many UNK in UNK .
Apart from UNK and UNK UNK , the anatomical is also found in UNK literature .
But since the UNK insisted that it is done that way at the most fashionable dinners , the girl reluctantly agreed .
One species is restricted to statements which are neither explicit nor precise regarding a particular person , place , time or thing .
`` I may be back '' , he explained , `` and then again , I may not '' .
And yet it is not .
`` What have you got on today '' ? ?
`` I am '' , he said .
`` No '' , she smiled , `` objected '' .
One said , `` When I get a cold I buy a bottle of whiskey for it , and within a few hours it's gone '' .
`` I was wrong '' , I admitted .
In the railway station at Berlin , a uniformed attendant was UNK , ' UNK this way ! !
`` What's the matter with the music '' ? ?
The sentimental pure heart of UNK is gone with the UNK years , but I still believe in the heart of the George Meredith character that was not made of the stuff that breaks '' .
`` What has impressed you most on your present visit '' ? ?
`` I would say depressed , not impressed '' , I told him .
I myself hear it said constantly -- in UNK .
In them , there is usually a group of UNK with UNK problems , worthy of being explored either in the novel or in the play or in comedy and satire '' .
I stood up and began UNK .
Nevertheless , like any other human being upon whom the UNK of the world plays continually , Khrushchev , the UNK UNK , has become a comic actor , or thinks he has .
`` There was also UNK UNK UNK '' , Moreland reminded me , `` and UNK UNK UNK , or if you will , UNK UNK UNK .
It isn't what the UNK believes in , but what he UNK , that puts the world in UNK .
One day , the children had wanted to get up onto General UNK horse .
Arlene had a hard voice , too , this time .
The UNK eyes rather UNK for a second ; ;
but then Arlene got another tone in a hurry , and she said , `` If it wasn't for these dear children '' -- .
But this is a public park and it's a city ordinance that the UNK cannot be crawled on '' .
They both tried to keep smiling and winking for a long time , but it made their lips and UNK tremble .
His legs shook , and the shaking went right on up his body through his hips to his shoulders .
But not General UNK .
Or his horse .
And Arlene showed them how to begin .
She would try to see over the UNK of her cheeks and somewhat under her teeth to the place where she was UNK .
`` It must be awfully good for them .
And I found a radish .
Was it an UNK ? ?
They were pushed gently into the room by Arlene -- whose only part appearing were hands that crept quickly back around to the kitchen side of the door .
He was forced to wipe his eyes .
He read Henry James and used to UNK UNK through UNK at people .
According to the myth , Old Order then UNK at stage left and UNK at extreme stage right , but Director UNK UNK UNK the rather UNK problem of stage effects by simply having Miss UNK walk across the stage .
The night he saw it , a rather unpleasant situation arose when the soloist refused to approach the UNK , UNK -- in UNK -- that `` it smelled '' .
For example , probably very few people know that the word `` UNK '' that is UNK about so much today stems from the UNK `` UNK '' : to UNK .
As he leads the UNK UNK Orchestra , UNK gives a tremendously inspired performance of both the UNK and UNK UNK , including the controversial UNK UNK , which was included at the UNK insistence .
And it is thought by many who think about such things that UNK is the logical UNK of a school that started with UNK , progressed through UNK and the UNK Picasso , and UNK just recently in Pollock and De UNK .
The collective by which I address you in the title above is neither UNK nor UNK but an exact industrial term in use among professional thieves .
You UNK two UNK and a UNK UNK , which must have been fairly UNK in that UNK .
So much for the UNK facts , as familiar to you , I'm sure , as to the UNK and state UNK who followed in your wake .
The foregoing , aided by several clues I'll UNK to keep you on your toes , will pursue you with a UNK worthy of Inspector UNK , but before they close in , UNK yourselves , I repeat , for a vengeance UNK more UNK .
Well , ordinarily he is , except ( as the UNK of the Law UNK ) toward UNK folk who UNK , disturb , or UNK the UNK .
UNK own amount of UNK oil did nothing to UNK their UNK ; ;
But it is the wooden sculpture from UNK , the one representing two men with their heads bent backward and their bodies UNK by a fish , that I particularly call to your attention .
One morning , we discovered not only that the UNK were missing from the idol but that a cigarette had been UNK out in its lap .
he had aged thirty years , and his face , the color of UNK , was UNK with wrinkles , as though it had been wrapped in chicken wire .
he was talking to himself thirteen to the dozen and smoking two UNK at once , clearly a man in UNK .
