The jury further said in UNK UNK that the City Executive Committee , which had over-all charge of the election , `` deserves the praise and thanks of the City of Atlanta '' for the manner in which the election was conducted .
`` Only a relative handful of such reports was received '' , the jury said , `` considering the widespread interest in the election , the number of voters and the size of this city '' .
The jury did not elaborate , but it added that `` there should be periodic UNK of the UNK practices of the concessionaires for the purpose of keeping the prices reasonable '' .
On other matters , the jury recommended that : ( 1 )
They have a son , William Berry Jr. , and a daughter , Mrs. J. M. UNK of Griffin .
UNK for the mayor said that an UNK property settlement has been agreed upon .
Vandiver likely will mention the $100 million highway bond issue approved earlier in the session as his first priority item .
UNK County Rep. B. D. Pelham will offer a resolution Monday in the House to UNK the UNK action of Friday in voting itself a $10 per day increase in expense allowances .
Pelham said Sunday night there was research being done on whether the `` UNK '' vote on the increase can be UNK outright or whether notice would have to first be given that reconsideration of the action would be sought .
I didn't smell a drop of liquor , and we didn't have a bit of trouble '' .
UNK Lawrence , a UNK lawyer representing the Texas Bankers Association , sounded the opposition keynote when he said it would force banks to violate their contractual obligations with UNK and undermine the confidence of bank customers .
Rep. Charles E. Hughes of Sherman , sponsor of the bill , said a failure to enact it would amount `` to making a gift out of the UNK pockets to banks , insurance and UNK companies '' .
I'm willing to stake my political career on it '' .
Rep. Berry , an UNK from San Antonio , got elected on his UNK of UNK on the ponies .
A House committee which heard his local option proposal is expected to give it a favorable report , although the resolution faces hard UNK later .
An adverse vote of UNK to 65 kept in the State Affairs Committee a bill which would order the UNK on the April 4 ballot , when Texas votes on a U.S. UNK .
Rep. UNK Roberts of UNK , sponsor of the poll idea , said that further delay in the committee can kill the bill .
-- Paradise lost to the alleged water needs of UNK big cities Thursday .
The UNK defenders were mostly small-town legislators like J. W. UNK of UNK , UNK ( UNK ) De La UNK of Mission , Sam F. Collins of Newton and Joe Chapman of UNK Springs .
Rep. Henry C. UNK , who teaches history in the Houston public schools , would reduce from 24 to 12 semester hours the so-called `` teaching methods '' courses required to obtain a junior or senior high school teaching certificate .
`` A person with a master's degree in physics , chemistry , UNK or English , yet who has not taken Education courses , is not permitted to teach in the public schools '' , said UNK .
The monthly cost of ADC to more than 100,000 recipients in the county is UNK million dollars , said C. UNK Martin , president of UNK UNK Scott & Co. , committee chairman .
`` Some of the defendants strongly indicated they knew they were receiving stolen property .
Washington , July 24
UNK proceedings originally had been brought against UNK persons in UNK precincts by Morris J. Wexler , special UNK .
Similar payroll tax UNK would be imposed on those under the railroad retirement system .
2
Hospital UNK UNK diagnostic service for all costs in excess of $20 a patient .
The schools could use the money to pay UNK scholarships , based on need , of up to $2,000 a year per student .
He asked for another 10 million dollar `` initial '' appropriation for `` UNK grants '' to states to improve nursing homes .
He also asked Congress to approve establishment of a national child health institute .
Congressional reaction to the message was along expected lines .
Even UNK , despite daily but limited manifestations against atomic arms in the heart of this UNK capital of the alliance , is today closer to the NATO line .
The annual spring meeting has given an UNK in three main directions : more , deeper , and more timely political consultation within the alliance , the use of the Organization for Economic UNK and Development ( when UNK ) as a method of UNK aid to the underdeveloped countries , and the need for strengthening conventional forces as well as the maintenance of the nuclear deterrent .
GOP restrained
But he further said that it was better politics to let others question the wisdom of administration policies first .
The Republicans some weeks ago served notice through Senator UNK B. Morton ( R ) of Kentucky , chairman of the Republican National Committee , that the Kennedy administration would be held responsible if the outcome in Laos was a coalition government susceptible of Communist domination .
SEATO was steamed up and prepared UNK plans for coping with the military losses in Laos .
But the Communists never gave sufficient provocation at any one time for the United States to want to risk a limited or an all-out war over Laos .
)
East Providence now has no civil defense program .
UNK that President Kennedy has handed the Defense Department the major responsibility for the nation's civil defense program , Mr. Hawksley said the federal government would pay half the salary of a full-time local director .
Mr. Hawksley said he believed there are a number of qualified city residents who would be willing to take the full-time CD job .
UNK funds also can be obtained for procurement of such items as radios , UNK and rescue trucks , he said .
Riverside residents would go to the UNK assembly point .
Mr. Hawksley said he was not critical of city residents for not knowing what to do or where to assemble in case of an air attack .
Governor Notte said last night he plans to name a committee to make the study and come up with recommendations for possible changes in time for the next session of the General Assembly .
The governor wrote Miss Grant that he has been concerned for some time `` with the continuous problem which UNK our local and state law enforcement officers as a result of the laws regulating Sunday sales '' .
The only day they `` have a chance to compete with large UNK is on Sunday '' , the UNK resolution said .
UNK the way in which he has turned his back on his 1910 philosophy , Mr. Reama said : `` A Socialist is a person who believes in dividing everything he does not own '' .
He expects that if the present timetable is followed a vote will be scheduled during the last week in September .
Nothing has been done yet to take advantage of the enabling legislation .
Mitchell said the UNK of the outcome in last UNK Presidential election did not mean that Eisenhower Republicanism was a dead issue .
Jones said he regretted Hughes had made a personal attack on a past president .
`` He is wrong to inject Eisenhower into this campaign '' , he said , `` because the primary is being waged on state issues and I will not be forced into UNK an old national campaign '' .
UNK , a lawyer and former FBI man is running against the Republican UNK candidate , UNK William UNK , for the vacancy left by the resignation of UNK UNK , now a member of the State Board of Tax Appeals .
UNK Republicans
`` We'll take the truth to the people , and the people will like the truth and elect their candidate and party in November '' .
UNK the Democrats the `` party that lives , UNK and thinks for the good of the people '' , Hughes asked , `` a representative Democratic vote in the primary for a UNK toward victory in November '' .
The other $15 million is to be UNK to municipalities on a matching fund basis .
Hughes would not comment on tax reforms or other issues in which the Republican candidates are involved .
I'm not afraid to tangle with the Republican UNK '' .
Some Democratic district and county leaders are reported trying to induce State Controller Arthur Levitt of Brooklyn to oppose Mr. Wagner for the UNK nomination in the Sept. 7 Democratic primary .
He is publicly on record as believing Mr. De UNK should be replaced for the good of the party .
But Mr. Buckley seems to have assumed he would be given the right to pick Mr. UNK successor .
After his speech , reporters asked him about the report of his political intentions , published in yesterday's New York Times .
The taxi driver taking the visitor from the airport remarks that politicians in the state are `` all the same '' .
Three groups to meet
Question raised
Indonesia is one of the twenty UNK countries of Asia , Africa and Latin America that are receiving Soviet aid .
In 1960 more than UNK Communist technicians were present in those countries .
The Advisory Committee on UNK and UNK Questions is expected to receive the report this week .
Each of the UNK UNK members would get two professional posts , such as political affairs officer , a department head or an economist , to start .
UNK studied in Geneva
In the early spring of 1913 a few hundred thousand persons turned out to watch UNK women parade .
If Barnett doesn't call a special session in 1961 , it will be the first year in the last decade that the Legislature has not met in regular or special session .
Indeed , the UNK curious position on the sales tax was a major factor in contributing to its defeat .
They would like to convey the notion something is being done , even though it is something they know to be UNK .
This might be done to UNK those who have been squeezed out by the UNK to exert pressure on the Legislature , so it would be more UNK to a tax proposal later in the year .
UNK of the city's loss in the UNK job have ranged as high as UNK .
The suit was filed later in the day in Common UNK Court 7 against the Hughes company and two UNK firms .
Berger insisted that `` we know enough to sue for the full amount '' .
UNK to pay six policemen assigned as dog UNK and UNK to investigate dog bites .
The City Planning Commission on Tuesday approved agreements between two UNK and the UNK Authority for the purchase of land in the UNK Eastwick UNK Area project .
The tract is bounded by Island Ave. , UNK Ave. , UNK St. , and Eastwick Ave. .
Kansas City , Mo. , Feb. 9 ( UPI )
UNK fight on teamsters
Both have been active in the association .
UNK , Turkey , Oct. 24 ( AP )
-- Turkish political leaders bowed today to military pressure and agreed to form an emergency national front government with Gen. UNK UNK as president .
Party leaders came out of the final meeting apparently satisfied and stated that complete agreement had been reached on a solution to the crisis created by the elections which left no party with enough strength to form a government on its own .
UNK , Martin said , the United States could best help foreign countries by helping them help themselves .
Private business is more effective than government aid , he explained , because individuals are able to work with the people themselves .
The board members , after hearing the coordination plea from Mrs. Ralph H. UNK , UNK UNK UNK Dr. , said they thought they had already been cooperating .
`` Los Angeles has said they would send the children to their homes in case of disaster '' , he said .
Other speakers for the fund-raising dinner include UNK UNK Green and Al UNK , Labor Commissioner Norman UNK and Mayor Terry UNK , all Democrats .
UNK Richard Salter seeks UNK and is opposed by Donald UNK for the five-year term .
-- the UNK life of Christ
His offices are in UNK , Mo. .
In his opening address Wednesday the Rev. Mr. UNK , urged the delegates to consider a 10-year expansion program , with `` UNK '' the theme for the first two years .
Attorney Dwight L. UNK , in behalf of defendant Philip UNK , argued there is no evidence linking UNK to the conspiracy , but Judge Powell declared this is a matter for the jury to decide .
UNK also declared there is no proof of UNK entering a conspiracy to use the U.S. mails to UNK , to which federal UNK A. Lawrence UNK replied :
A UNK homer by UNK UNK and a solo blast by Bill UNK tied the game , and single runs in the eighth and ninth gave the UNK their fifth victory in eight starts .
The Orioles once again performed at the plate in UNK fashion , gathering only seven blows off the UNK of three Kansas City pitchers .
In the ninth , Robinson led off with his second double of the night , a blast off the fence UNK feet deep into left .
Carey UNK
UNK Brown and UNK Wilhelm , the UNK veteran UNK specialists , are UNK to oppose the American League champions in UNK 8 P.M. contest .
UNK cut near
UNK UNK Barber joined the club one week ago after completing his UNK under the Army's accelerated UNK military course , also at Fort Knox , UNK .
-- UNK her second straight victory , Norman B. , Small , UNK Garden Fresh , a UNK filly , downed promising colts in the UNK St. UNK Day UNK , featured seventh race here today , and paid UNK straight .
UNK , who set the world record earlier this month in New York with a UNK of UNK , wiped out UNK early pace and beat the young Big 10 UNK king by 5 yards .
Mills was timed in UNK .
While working out in UNK a swelling developed in the knee and he came here to consult the team physician .
That's because he already has kicked 14 extra points in 15 tries .
A UNK , UNK UNK senior from UNK , Moritz practices nothing but UNK .
`` It's kind of like golf -- if you don't swing a club very often , your timing gets off '' .
Monday , he had four Longhorns in the top four .
It was the first time we've been ahead this season ( when John UNK kicked what proved to be the winning field goal ) '' .
`` He just lay back there and waited for it '' , Meek said .
-- Held out of Texas UNK UNK drill Monday at UNK was tackle Richard UNK , who is undergoing treatment for a leg injury suffered in the UNK UNK loss to Texas A & M Because of its important game with Arkansas coming up Saturday , UNK worked out in the rain Monday -- mud or no mud .
The Texans have two more road games -- at Buffalo and Houston -- before they play for the home folks again , and it looks as if coach Hank UNK men will meet the UNK just as they are developing into the kind of team they were expected to be in UNK UNK .
Buffalo coach UNK Ramsey , who has become one of the game's greatest collectors of UNK , apparently now has found a productive pair in two UNK Football UNK , M. C. Reynolds and Warren UNK .
UNK UNK .
`` That permitted us to start controlling the ball right away '' , said UNK , UNK , `` I think I'll put that play in the book '' .
Not satisfied with various unofficial checks on the UNK of UNK currently in use , the major leagues have ordered their own tests , which are in progress at Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
It was UNK third straight victory of the new season and ran the UNK winning streak to four straight .
The Bears added two more in the fifth when UNK dropped a double into the UNK corner , UNK doubled down the UNK line and UNK singled off Phil UNK glove .
The Bears added their last run in the sixth on UNK double and UNK flies by Porter and UNK .
UNK Cook accounted for three of the UNK eight hits .
He's mad at the world '' .
UNK walked up to him at the magazine stand .
The spectacular Mays , who reaches a decade in the big leagues come May 25 , joined six other UNK who UNK four home runs in a span of nine UNK .
The UNK TV audience was privileged to see UNK four home runs , thanks to a new arrangement made by Bob UNK that the games are not to be UNK out when his Bears are playing at home .
It is an irritable rule that does baseball more harm than good , especially at the minor league level .
Only UNK Harris , the `` UNK '' of Washington in 1924 , and Eddie UNK of the St. Louis Cardinals in 1946 had accomplished the feat .
Philadelphia permitted him to seek a better connection after he had refused to reconsider his decision to end his career as a player .
In the past the club depended largely on Van UNK UNK .
He began his UNK career at Pittsburgh Central Catholic High School in 1949 .
With the announcement of a `` special achievement award '' to William A. ( ( Bill ) Shea , the awards list was completed yesterday for Sunday night's UNK annual dinner and show of the New York Chapter , UNK UNK Association of America , at the UNK Hotel .
The departure of the Giants and the Dodgers to California left New York with only the Yankees .
UNK stadium in works
Maris is in line for a big raise .
And it also stayed the hands of thousands of brooding UNK who were UNK the abandonment of a sport whose frustrations were driving them to despair .
`` It is possible that I UNK '' , he said UNK .
Each of the four UNK shots cost him two strokes .
Their secondary hero is another pro , Willie UNK , who drank his lunch during another Open and tried to blast his way out of a UNK gully .
This knowledge has come in handy , too .
That's how he first won the Masters in 1958 .
3 The UNK UNK UNK collapse against the UNK Sunday .
Manager Hemus , eager to end a pitching slump that has brought four losses in the five games on the current home stand , moved Gibson to the Wednesday night starting assignment .
UNK is suffering from a stiff neck .
Despite the recession , Pittsburgh came into town with this imposing list of averages : Smoky UNK , UNK UNK , Bill UNK , Bob UNK and Dick UNK , each
UNK , the UNK defensive expert , was cited for his performance against Bradley in St. Louis UNK nationally UNK victory .
After the coach listed all the boy's faults , Hartweger said , `` Coach before I leave here , you'll get to like me '' .
Happy hitting
If it's true that contented cows give more milk , why shouldn't happy ball players produce more base hits ? ?
And what leadership a proud Mantle has given so far .
Next to Leo UNK , Dark taught Mays the most when he was a UNK rookie rushed up to the UNK Grounds 10 years ago this month , to help the Giants win a dramatic pennant .
and his brother , Mr. Wendell Jr. , and his wife , who will arrive from Boston .
Mr. Wendell Jr. will be best man .
Their father is Charles B. UNK .
`` UNK in the new McCormick Place theater , this should prove to be an exciting evening '' , adds Mrs. UNK .
Her husband recently was appointed vice president of the university , bringing them back here from the east .
I'm even going to try to get the whirling UNK of UNK '' ! !
Also , invitations have been addressed to UNK debut tea the afternoon of Dec. 29 in the Arts club .
He will be coming here on business in December , when the wedding is to take place in Wayne .
The only current event they're UNK is the big show at the Stadium Nov. 25 , when Danny will entertain thousands of UNK kids .
UNK De UNK signed to do a Broadway play for Garson UNK this season , `` A UNK of Time '' .
UNK Jack Herbert insists Dick UNK campaign UNK for governor of California is , `` Knight Must Fall '' ! !
The UNK UNK : This mad world UNK : UNK and the Kremlin crowd are confident all right .
They'll start lessons , too , UNK .
Guests were UNK in the public high schools .
Mrs. Roger UNK is head of the luncheon table decorations .
By UNK , millions of Americans will take to the road on vacation trips up and down and back and forth across this vast and lovely land .
And where is `` home '' , that magic place of the heart ? ?
Home is where a man was born , reared , went to school and , most particularly , where UNK is .
At the UNK UNK in Winchester , Va. , we accidentally drew the honeymoon suite , an elegant affair with UNK UNK , gold and white furniture , pink satin UNK chairs , UNK TV and a pink tile bath with masses of pink towels .
Her veil was caught to a crown , and she carried UNK and UNK .
The gala is the Thrift UNK annual bundle party and , as all Thrift Shop friends know , that means the admission is a bundle of used clothing in good condition , contributions of household equipment , UNK and such to stock the shelves at the UNK headquarters at UNK Walnut St. .
In the past few years the men , mostly husbands of members , have taken an interest .
Mrs. Richard UNK is chairman of UNK .
Mr. and Mrs. B. Lewis UNK , for senior UNK , and Mrs. Samuel P. UNK , for the bundles .
In addition , Mr. and Mrs. Allan UNK are UNK , Mrs. Paul Stone is treasurer and Mrs. Albert UNK is in charge of UNK for the dancing at 9 UNK .
Besides the bundle centers where contributions may be made there will be facilities at Philmont Country Club for those who would like to bring the bundles on the night of the party .
Mrs. Robert O. UNK is chairman of the committee , which includes Mrs. James A. UNK , Mrs. Frank C. UNK , Mrs. UNK UNK , Mrs. Harold G. UNK , Mrs. Albert W. Terry , Mrs. Henry M. UNK , 2d , Mrs. Robert O. UNK , Jr. , Mrs. Harcourt N. UNK , Jr. , Mrs. John A. UNK , Mrs. Robert UNK , Mrs. William G. UNK , Mrs. Hughes UNK , Mrs. John L. UNK and Mrs. UNK Newman .
`` We worry '' , say the mothers .
UNK artist
It originated with the UNK Section .
Miss Eileen Grant is spending several weeks visiting in Florida .
Howard E. UNK , the UNK president , said , `` A drastic decline in freight loading due principally to the severe slump in the movement of heavy goods has necessitated this UNK action '' .
The driver told police he followed as the Negro man got out of the cab with his money .
He said the UNK , who was armed with a automatic , entered the taxi at Pennsylvania Avenue and UNK Street .
A baby was burned to death and two other children were seriously injured last night in a fire which damaged their UNK Anne Arundel county home .
`` These are the UNK minutes .
UNK that main streets and the central business district should have priority , the Councilman said it is also essential that small shopping areas `` not be overlooked if our small merchants are to survive '' .
automatic rifle , according to Capt. Elmer UNK , chief of Anne Arundel detectives .
UNK J. A. UNK spotted the wanted car , with three boys , at a Route 2 service station , just outside Annapolis .
Mr. Simpkins made a name for himself as a member of the House of UNK from 1951 through 1958 .
Maryland contracts for future construction during October totaled UNK , up to 10 per cent compared to October , 1960 , F. W. Dodge , Dodge Corporation , reported .
In 1961 , it is estimated that multiple unit dwellings will account for nearly 30 per cent of the starts in residential construction .
`` UNK is therefore the key to the housing market today .
Gordon A. UNK , 37 , a mystery man presumed to be Russian although he carries a Canadian passport .
UNK to Moscow
UNK development , the reactor and its steam UNK had been reduced greatly in size , and also in complexity , allowing a single UNK to be used , the navy said .
Robinson was treated at a UNK office for a cut over his left UNK and a possible UNK knee .
Stickney is a salesman for UNK , Inc. , UNK Green Bay UNK , Evanston , a food UNK and grocery chain firm , of which his father , William L. Jr. , is president .
Hengesbach has been living in Grand UNK since his house and barn were burned down after his release in 1958 .
Walker said he was considering filing a motion for a new trial which would contend that the verdict was against the weight of the evidence and that there were several errors in trial procedure .
The verdict came three hours later .
Students help out
But today he wanted to make a public statement .
UNK to the school crossing , the officer was informed by the UNK boy that he recognized the driver , a neighbor , and had obtained the license number .
He was found guilty of reckless driving yesterday by Traffic Judge George T. Murphy , who continued his UNK probation for another year and ordered him to spend 15 days in the Detroit House of UNK .
A note making the request was handed to U.S. Ambassador UNK G. Brown .
There was no confirmation of such massive assaults from independent sources .
Arms plot charged
Anderson's wife and four children live in Miami .
Emory University's Board of Trustees announced Friday that it was prepared to accept students of any race as soon as the state's tax laws made such a step possible .
The statement did not mention what steps might be taken to overcome the legal obstacles to desegregation .
The Georgia Constitution gives the Legislature the power to exempt colleges from property taxation if , among other criteria , `` all UNK to institutions established for white people shall be limited to white people , and all UNK to institutions established for colored people shall be limited to colored people '' .
A young man was killed and two others injured at midnight Friday when the car they were riding slid into a utility pole on Lake Avenue near Waddell Street , NE , police said .
The COAHR letter comes on the eve of a large gathering of theater managers and owners scheduled to begin here Sunday .
He declined to name the three .
Mr. UNK was a UNK with S and W UNK .
Thomas early Sunday went to the home of his uncle and aunt , Mr. and Mrs. R. C. Thomas , UNK Blanche St. , NW , looking for his wife , Margaret Lou Thomas , 18 , and their UNK baby .
When police arrived the man was still violent , Slate said .
UNK planes will spread a UNK chemical , UNK , over 30,000 acres in UNK , UNK acres in Pierce and UNK acres in UNK and Bryan counties .
The UNK effort is being pushed in UNK and Jones counties , over UNK acres .
This is being done so that Georgia Tech can complete the final phase of a traffic survey on the North Expressway .
It is followed by UNK Street and UNK Avenue , NE ; ;
But he emphasized that the agency must train people within its own employ to fulfill what Field handles , and he said he personally `` UNK very much that the agency has not done this in the past '' .
He also said that the salary , in terms of going rates in the field , was `` modest '' in terms of the man's responsibility .
Asked Mrs. Grace O. UNK , representative from Multnomah County , of the commission chairman , Joseph E. Harvey Jr. .
A publicity release from Oregon UNK Service , of which Harvey is president , quoted him as saying the welfare office move to Salem , instead of `` UNK '' the agency , had provided an avenue to correct administrative weaknesses , with the key being improved communications between F & A and the commission staff .
The wife of convicted bank UNK Lawrence G. UNK was arrested in Phoenix , Ariz. , last week and will be returned to Portland to face charges of assault and robbery , Portland detectives said Friday .
He lived at UNK N. UNK Blvd. .
He had conducted the UNK band in a series of concerts at Blue Lake park during the summer months .
Al UNK Temple of the UNK ; ;
He was a former commander of UNK Heights , Post , and a member of UNK UNK UNK .
A UNK Portland businessman and his Junior Achievement company , have been judged the `` Company of the Year '' in national competition completed this week at Ohio State University , Columbus , Ohio .
The award is the first such honor in the UNK history of UNK activities in Portland , according to Ralph UNK , local executive director for Junior Achievement .
UNK men served
John UNK , 69 , of UNK UNK Avenue , Providence , complained of shoulder pains after an accident in which a car he was driving UNK with a car driven by Antonio UNK , 25 , of 12 UNK St. , Providence , on UNK Avenue and UNK Hill Road in Johnston yesterday .
a collection of English , French and German coins , valued at $500 ; ;
UNK and cabinets in two bedrooms and a sewing room were UNK .
Mr. Stone suffered UNK ribs and chest cuts , hospital authorities said .
Milton and UNK UNK of Cranston were awarded UNK UNK from the state in Superior Court yesterday for industrial property which they owned at UNK UNK Ave. , Providence , and which was condemned for use in construction of Interstate Route 95 .
The hospital has used the money to assist in alterations on the fifth floor of the Jane Brown Hospital , part of Rhode Island Hospital .
Neither was seated on the jury .
-- The New York University Board of Trustees has elected the youngest president in the UNK history of UNK , it was announced yesterday .
Prior to that he was associated with Long Island University in Brooklyn .
`` It is like handing a loaded automatic to an UNK and telling him to run out and play '' , he commented .
`` The news of their experiments reaches the farmers who , forgetting that birds are the most efficient natural enemies of insects and UNK , are encouraged to try to get rid of all birds that occasionally UNK their grapes or their UNK '' , Buchheister told the delegates .
Buchheister pledged the land would be an `` UNK '' sanctuary for all birds , animals and plants .
`` There was only one power control -- a UNK to adjust the fuel flow .
Other witnesses , after appearances before the jury , which reportedly is probing into possible income tax UNK , disclosed that government UNK were attempting to UNK Stein and his company with a number of gangsters , including Glimco and Alex .
UNK Allen Huff , 41 , of UNK Lake Av. , Wilmette , was arrested yesterday on a UNK federal warrant charging him with UNK an UNK amount of money from the First Federal Savings and Loan association , 1 S. UNK St. , where he formerly was employed as an attorney .
When Huff attempted to cash another $100 check there Monday , hotel officials called police .
It was not a case of the investment bankers having to sell the stock ; ;
Some Dallas investment firms got only 100 shares , for all of their customers .
And from that the stock moved right on up until it was trading Thursday morning at around UNK a share .
He was also pleased with the wide distribution because he thought it proved again his argument that Dallas investment men can do just as good a job as the big New York investment bankers claim only they can do .
The exhibition of cotton ginning machinery at the State Fair grounds is valued at more than a million dollars .
They've occupied a UNK site since the early UNK .
The Continental Gin Co. began operations in Dallas in UNK .
The district office here employs about 65 .
This UNK decline for Dallas County closely follows the national trend -- estimated sales of domestic cars in the U.S. for first three months of 1961 were about UNK or 80 per cent of the total in the first quarter a year earlier .
The March gain plus this optimism has been encouraging enough to prompt auto makers to boost production schedules for the next quarter .
He urged support for President Kennedy's requests for both defense and foreign aid appropriations .
UNK declared , `` As I see it , this country has never faced such great dangers as threaten us today .
UNK was comparatively dull throughout the day .
However , Peterson , president of Bell & UNK , warned 800 U.S. marketing leaders attending a national conference at the Ambassador , that the future will belong to the UNK of creative and `` UNK wisdom '' .
The new offering Tuesday consisted of $60 million worth of UNK debentures , due June 1 , UNK , at 100% , and $60 million of UNK convertible subordinated debentures due June 1 , UNK , at 100% .
New York ( AP )
Volume was UNK million shares , down from UNK UNK million .
Question
UNK
But it seems that this `` electronic brain '' wasn't `` UNK '' correctly .
This resulted in a great number of errors .
Maybe it's taking longer to get things squared away than the bankers expected .
UNK cannot undertake to reply to inquiries .
-- Alfred Hayes , president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , said Tuesday `` there is no present need for far-reaching reforms '' which would basically alter the international financial system .
Washington ( UPI )
UNK condition
-- The government's short-term borrowing costs rose with UNK weekly offering of Treasury bills .
The poll was taken at the UNK annual UNK intentions conference .
The reason , says the Housing Center , is that the builders invited to the intentions conference `` are generally among the more successful businessmen , and usually do somewhat better than their fellow builders '' .
-- Farm machinery dealer Bob UNK UNK back in a battered chair and tells of a sharp pickup in sales : `` We've sold four corn UNK since Labor Day and have good prospects for 10 more .
The significance of the pickup in farm machinery sales extends beyond the farm equipment industry .
For example , farm equipment shipments of International UNK in August climbed about 5% above a year earlier , Mr. UNK reports .
Nearly all of the farm equipment manufacturers and dealers say the upturn in sales has resulted chiefly from the recent improvement in crop prospects .
Agriculture Department economists estimate the Government this year will hand farmers UNK billion in special UNK and incentive payments , well above the record $1.1 billion of 1958 and about double the UNK million of 1960 .
The Supreme Court decision in UNK was in the case of a company making sewer pipe from clay which it UNK .
A measure passed by Congress just before UNK softened the UNK impact , on UNK returns still under review , for UNK companies that make brick and tile products .
`` My approval of this bill should not be viewed as establishing a precedent for the enactment of similar legislation for other mineral industries '' , the President said .
The Revenue Service said the addition of the attachment does not keep the range from coming under the Federal UNK excise tax on UNK appliances .
Denver itself collects a UNK sales tax which is to be absorbed in the higher area tax .
Adjusted sales that month were up a relatively steep UNK from those of the month before , which in turn were slightly higher than the January low of UNK billion .
She will receive the 1961 `` Oscar '' at the 24th annual Neiman-Marcus UNK , Tuesday and Wednesday in the Grand UNK of the UNK Hotel .
The only woman recipient , Miss Garson will receive the award with UNK UNK , creator of chic , beautiful women's fashions ; ;
Therefore , her wardrobe is largely mobile , to be packed at a moment's notice and to shake out without a UNK .
She likes his classic UNK .
Her mother was a Greer and her father's family came from the UNK Isles .
UNK in England , she studied to be a teacher , earned several scholarships and was graduated with honors from the University of London .
Her acting began with the Birmingham UNK Company and she soon became the toast of the West End .
She now serves on the board of directors of the Dallas Symphony Orchestra and the Dallas Theater Center and on the board of trustees of the Dallas Museum of Fine Arts .
Walnut , UNK UNK , UNK , three varieties of UNK , UNK UNK cane , ceramic UNK , marble are used to emphasize the feeling of texture and of UNK , the furniture to fit into rooms with tiled floors , brick or UNK walls , windows that bring in the UNK .
UNK posts give a soft , sculptured look , UNK doors have decorative UNK panels or cane UNK plus softening arches , table tops are UNK in UNK UNK or UNK .
The other bedroom has heavier UNK , UNK UNK with UNK panels , a UNK bed or a bed with arched UNK panels and matching mirror .
The UNK UNK table has a base finished in an UNK , to set off the UNK brown of the UNK top .
This coming weekend they have reserved the entire UNK Inn and adjoining country club , UNK , for festivities .
UNK the ballroom will be the yellow rose of Texas , in tall bushes ; ;
The third time was on the floor of the Beverly UNK ballroom and for the critical eyes and UNK of judges .
Fall foliage and flowers will UNK Los Angeles Country Club for the annual formal party Saturday evening .
Others are Drs. and UNK Alfred Robbins , and J. UNK UNK and Gen. and Mrs. UNK Watson .
One might think the problem would be similar .
This is a way of getting to school , but , I understand , it entails a certain loss of social status .
I had to ride a streetcar two miles .
Sometimes the streetcar was late .
I've tried to compromise by letting them take the little car now and then .
Nobody walks anymore but UNK and Harry Truman , and he's already got an education .
UNK UNK , daughter of the UNK UNK , to James UNK UNK , and UNK Smith to James UNK UNK .
But the UNK UNK have exchanged their residence in Southern California for Mexico City .
Judge and Mrs. Julian UNK are now at UNK Beach , while the Frank UNK have moved from Beverly Hills to New York , where he is general manager of the UNK Hotel .
Others listed at new addresses are the Richard T. UNK , the Joseph UNK Jr. , the Henri De La UNK , the John UNK and Dr. and Mrs. UNK UNK , the John UNK , the Allen UNK , the Howard UNK , the Thomas UNK , and Anthony UNK .
the UNK UNK , formerly of Scotland , and Mr. and Mrs. Werner H. UNK , formerly of Switzerland .
Here's an idea for a child's room that is easy to execute and is completely charming , using puppets for lamp bases .
Measure the puppet to determine the height of the light UNK , allowing three to four inches above the UNK head .
There are a number of reasons why the Eighteenth Century designer had to develop `` down to earth '' designs -- or go out of business .
Dick Carroll and his UNK ( which we now refer to as `` UNK '' ) held over at UNK UNK where `` Sir '' UNK Smith brings in his UNK UNK Oct. 13 .
He UNK around from jazz , to blues to UNK -- accompanying himself on piano and frequently pulling the customers in on the act .
Terry Barnes has been named manager .
Louise Franklin UNK the gift shop market in Lauderdale .
UNK redhead UNK another shop , her sixth , in the Governor's Club Hotel this week .
( Which is understandable -- if you've ever sampled the exotic , UNK fare .
Also set for appearances at the auditorium this season are : `` American Ballet Theatre '' on Jan. 27 , `` UNK Ballet UNK '' on Feb. 2 ; ;
The need for and the way to achieve a Christian home will be stressed in special services marking National Christian Family Week in Miami area churches next week .
All of this is true and all of it is totally meaningless in the face of the UNK utterly UNK presentation .
It is a kind of friendliness and frankness of address toward the audience which we have been led to believe was peculiar to the American ballet .
UNK UNK conducted an exceptionally large orchestra , one containing excellent UNK -- the violin UNK by the UNK , Guy UNK , were especially fine -- but one in which the core of traveling players and the body of men added locally had not had time to achieve much unity .
You must also wear a car coat .
But we couldn't really get along without it .
My car UNK 20 UNK without even wiping its mouth .
This acquisition is a matched , perfect set -- consisting of two UNK six feet long , plus six UNK and two UNK .
It was the first in the series of `` Concerts for Young People by Young People '' to be sponsored by First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy at the White House .
`` The UNK there do a wonderful work '' , the President commented .
They enjoyed UNK and cookies served before and during the concert by teenage sons and daughters of members of the White House staff .
And it turned out to be more of a family affair than expected .
He pointed out to the young musicians that the National Gallery `` is the only museum in the country to have a full-time music director , Richard UNK .
In 45 minutes , the Gallery leaders had given the students a quick UNK on art from the Renaissance to the late 19th Century .
That imposing , somewhat UNK , and seemingly remote UNK building with the UNK perched on its threshold at UNK 16th St. UNK took on UNK life yesterday .
They came together in the huge , UNK Council Chamber to hear the late leader UNK .
The marriage of John and Mary Black had clearly reached the breaking point after eight years .
He in turn told her she demanded too much .
Family Service , sharing in UNK , has five agencies in the Washington area .
They are now working together toward solving their difficulties .
Perhaps to some their work does not seem particularly vital .
Last Friday the White House announced :
Thus when Premier Khrushchev intimated even before UNK that he hoped for an early meeting with the new President , Mr. Kennedy was confronted with a delicate problem .
Both elements -- the caution about a meeting , the willingness eventually to hold one -- were reflected in a letter from the President which Ambassador UNK E. Thompson brought back to Russia late in February .
The President was especially concerned about the deadlock in the nuclear test ban negotiations at Geneva .
The response from London , Paris and Bonn was favorable .
The Washington announcement said :
The outlook
The inclination was to accept the statement that there would be no formal negotiations .
UNK of the meeting was based largely on the belief that the timing could hardly be worse .
The shell , which served the strain so well at a relatively early stage in the UNK scheme , tended to cancel out the possibility of future development .
It is something more than the UNK sum of individual totals of piety and UNK .
UNK on the earlier stage , the Notre Dame Chapter of the American Association of University UNK ( in a recent report on the question of faculty participation in administrative UNK ) noted that the term `` UNK '' ( as opposed to , e.g. , `` maintenance employee '' ) was a not UNK description .
Today however , the `` UNK '' is likely to have professional qualifications of the highest order ( otherwise the college would not be interested in hiring him ) and to be UNK to the democratic processes of the secular or state university .
And while no one expects total democracy on the academic scene , the scholar will be particularly sensitive to a line between first and second class UNK drawn on any basis other than that of academic rank or professional achievement .
It is natural that he should turn for his major support to a select and dedicated few from the organization which actually owns the university and whose goals are , in their opinion , identified with its highest good and ( to use that UNK phrase ) ' the attainment of excellence ' '' .
When a man UNK a block of his years at a university without gaining the UNK promotion , not only is he faced with the problem of starting over but there is also a certain depreciation in the market value of his services .
Yet adequate compensation -- and particularly merely adequate compensation is no substitute for those UNK which cause a man to sacrifice part of his earning potential by taking up college teaching in the first place .
There is no need here to spell out the conditions of creative teaching except to point out that , at the college level , the sense of community and of community responsibility is even more necessary than it is at other levels .
Business Week ( Aug. 9 , 1961 ) reports that the United Aircraft Company , against which the International Association of UNK had undertaken a strike , decided to keep its plants operating .
The committee remains UNK .
it must play a game in which there never is a winner .
The fact is that any business that wants to operate successfully cannot follow the law .
The question might be asked : `` Don't the UNK of the UNK manufacturers know these facts ? ?
The acceptance of collective bargaining as a national policy in 1934 , implicit in the writing of Section UNK of the National Industrial UNK Act , has made it UNK to oppose collective bargaining in principle .
The Wagner Act , the UNK Act and the UNK Act all endorse the principle of collective bargaining .
In People vs. Fisher , Justice UNK of the New York Supreme Court declared :
for example , the organization of UNK conferences to set freight rates and the encouragement of railroads to seek mergers .
In the famous UNK UNK case , a suit was brought against the union by the UNK Company for UNK practices , e.g. , trying to persuade consumers not to purchase the product of the struck manufacturer .
The suit against the union was successful and many workers lost their homes to pay off the judgment .
What UNK presented , said Gore , was `` not a very encouraging review '' .
A UNK , UNK man with a UNK gait , Colmer looks younger than his 70 years , has gradually swung from a moderate , UNK position to that of a UNK conservative .
UNK treatment .
Nixon fulfilled his assignment with grace , then went beyond the required `` sufficient declaration '' .
The Masters golf tournament proved last Monday what it can do to the strongest men and the UNK nerves .
He UNK the 15th by missing a short putt and finally scrambled through the last three holes without further mishap for a UNK 74 and a UNK total of 280 .
On Thursday , the first day of the Masters , the contest between Palmer and Player developed instantly .
On Friday , a day as UNK and lovely as Thursday had been gray and ugly , the plot of the tournament came clearly into focus .
UNK had started early in the day , and by the time Palmer and Player were on the course -- separated , as they were destined to be for the rest of the weekend , by about half an hour -- they could see on the numerous UNK spotted around the course that UNK , who ended with a UNK , was not having a good day .
As Player began his second round in a UNK with amateur Bill UNK , his share of the gallery was not conspicuously large for a UNK .
The UNK of champions
Player immediately proceeded to follow suit .
At the 4th tee Palmer chose to hit a UNK when a UNK was the proper club , so he put the ball in a UNK in front of the green .
This is UNK 1961 .
This , of course , is UNK most remarkable mark : The 60 home runs hit in 1927 by the UNK UNK , the incredible athlete , George Herman ( Babe ) Ruth of the Yankees .
UNK threat :
`` What do you and Mickey talk about at home '' ? ?
Of the two , Mantle is by nature the less outgoing , Maris the more outspoken .
Give me a team of nine angry men and I'll give you a team of nine gentlemen and we'll beat you nine out of ten times '' .
It crushed Mickey .
If laying ties on a railroad track , which he once did for $1 an hour , paid more than playing right field for the Yankees , Maris would lay ties on a railroad track .
With this ultimate weapon , the two Yankees may have saved baseball from its UNK season .
Frankie was fairly UNK with ideas , as he had hinted upon his arrival : `` It's really tremendous when you think UNK Fitzgerald is coming from Australia .
Soon after UNK leaked the news that Frankie had ordered `` two of everything '' just `` in case he UNK anything '' , Frankie got so mad at the chic designer that he vowed he would not wear a UNK of UNK clothing .
Speaking of `` pride '' , he UNK the UNK officer `` whose uniform looks like it belonged to someone who retired in 1940 ; ;
I'm useless for anything but racing cars .
He gave the impression of never having read a word about art , but there was no doubt that he had an eye for the best .
Last year UNK arranged to sell UNK worth of UNK to the state of North UNK , which will house them in a museum that is yet to be built .
Last week most of the other prizes , once offered to Pittsburgh , went on the block .
The evidence in court was testimony about the interview , which for Holmes lasted an hour , although at least one white student at Georgia got through this ritual by a simple phone conversation .
The real reason for his rejection , they argued , is the fact that Georgia law automatically cuts off funds for any desegregated school .
UNK is even that rare scientist who takes an interest in money matters ; ;
A philosopher may point out that the troubles of the Congo began with the old Adam and consequently will never end .
One definition of UNK is `` The principle or practice , on the part of a government , of managing the affairs of a country in the manner of a father dealing with his children '' .
Had they been truly ruthless , the Belgians might have exploited the Congolese without UNK .
their program of mass medical care was doubtless the best on the continent ; ;
The Belgians also placed great emphasis on education .
Indeed , the Belgians discouraged higher education , fearing the creation of a native intellectual elite which might cause unrest .
The Congolese were UNK for their independence , even though most were UNK what it meant ; ;
) .
They had divided the Congo into six provinces -- UNK , UNK , UNK , Katanga , UNK and Eastern -- unfortunately with little regard for ethnic groupings .
UNK hours after independence the wild UNK UNK fighting each other .
UNK became chaos ; ;
UNK the U.N. army in the Congo reached a top strength of UNK , including about 5,000 from India and a few soldiers from UNK and Sweden , who were the only whites .
The Belgians were reluctant to withdraw their troops and often obstructed U.N. efforts .
But by the end of the three-month period , in October 1960 , something approaching calm settled on the Congo .
But they left behind them large numbers of officers , variously called `` volunteers '' or `` mercenaries '' , who now staff the army of Moise Tshombe in Katanga , the UNK province which , according to Tshombe , holds UNK of the mineral wealth of the entire country .
High up on the President's priority list was the UNK question of UNK .
To Rickards , a UNK veteran 30 years in the air , it was an old story : His plane was being UNK in UNK again much as it had happened in 1930 , when UNK rebels made him land a Ford UNK at UNK .
They chose four : Jack Casey , who works for Continental UNK in Houston ; ;
They found a large welcoming group -- El Paso policemen , Border UNK , sheriff's deputies , and FBI men , who surged around the plane with rifles and UNK guns .
Several police cars , loaded with armed officers , raced alongside , blazing away at the tires of the big jet .
Simmons and Crosby jumped the boy and it was all over '' .
The Senate also voted UNK billion to finance the government's health , welfare , and labor activities .
As a result , ever since UNK when the Senate restaurant opened in the new wing of the Capitol Building , the senators have never ceased to grumble about the food -- even while they opposed every move that might improve it .
In a daring stroke , the Senate ventured forth last week into the world of UNK UNK and hired a UNK UNK UNK UNK .
On balance , prices of those bonds have slipped a bit since then .
A new report on the earnings records of toll roads in the most recent UNK period -- ending in February or March -- shows what is happening .
Many of the roads also were hit by an unusually severe winter .
That same pattern of earnings shows up on the Massachusetts Turnpike .
The UNK Illinois State UNK Highway , for example , was not opened over its entire length until December , 1958 .
Meanwhile , there appears to be enough money in the road's reserve fund to cover the interest deficiency for eight more years .
Already , however , several of the turnpikes are earning enough to cover interest requirements by comfortable margins .
Olivetti took over UNK , the U.S. typewriter maker , in late 1959 .
Important aspects of the Kennedy textile plans are these :
The U.S. will try to get agreement among the industrialized countries to take more textile imports from the UNK countries over the years .
The Kennedy hope is that , at the conference or through UNK talks , the UNK UNK countries in Asia and Europe will see that `` UNK '' practices cause friction all around and may result in import UNK .
Note , too , that the Kennedy textile plan looks toward modernization or UNK of the U.S. textile industry .
Most library UNK are hopelessly inadequate .
In some parts of the country , however , a co-operative movement has begun to grow , under the wing of state governments , whereby , with the financial help of the state , libraries share their book resources on a UNK or regional basis .
On UNK , headquarters also has a file of the New York Times from its founding in UNK to the present day , as well as bound volumes of important UNK .
UNK houses social science , pure science , and language ; ;
UNK are not the only resource of the system .
This catalogue lists separately films suitable for children , young adults , or adults , although some classics cut across age groups , such as `` UNK Of The North '' , `` The UNK UNK '' , and `` The Red UNK '' .
To them especially the librarians , with the help of UNK , hope they will never have to say , `` I'm sorry , we don't have that book '' .
Today , more than ever before , the survival of our free society depends upon the citizen who is both informed and concerned .
We cannot consider ourselves educated if we do not read ; ;
Assembly session brought much good
Certainly all can applaud passage of an auto title law , the school bills , the increase in teacher pensions , the ban on drag racing , acceptance by the state of responsibility for maintenance of state roads in municipalities at the same rate as outside city limits , repeal of the college age limit law and the road maintenance bond issue .
The legislature expended most of its time on the schools and appropriations questions .
`` If once they become UNK to the public affairs '' , Jefferson said , `` you and I , and Congress and assemblies , judges and governors , shall all become wolves '' .
By limiting American strength too much to nuclear strength , this country limited its ability to fight any kind of war besides a nuclear war .
That such expansion can be obtained without a raise in taxes is due to growth of the tax UNK and sound fiscal planning on the part of the board of commissioners , headed by Chairman Charles O. UNK who is demonstrating that the public trust he was given was well placed , and other county officials .
UNK deserve more attention than they are getting .
But in so many other areas we still are dragging .
Considering what is being done compared to what needs to be done , it UNK the hospital management to do some mighty careful planning toward making the best possible use of the increase granted .
UNK Trujillo , the often UNK dictator of the Dominican Republic for 31 years , perhaps deserved his fate in an UNK appraisal of history .
But whether the murder of El UNK in UNK Trujillo means freedom for the people of the Caribbean UNK is a question that cannot now be answered .
UNK Trujillo did some good things for his country : he improved public facilities such as roads and sanitation , attracted industry and investment and raised the standard of living notably .
The Dominican people have known no democratic institutions and precious little freedom for a generation , and all alternative leadership has been UNK .
For that reason any democratic reform and effort to bring genuine representative government to the Dominican Republic will need the greatest sympathy and help .
Prairie National Park
The Park Service makes an impressive UNK and statistical case for creating this new park .
In the central contest , that for Mayor , they may have found some pertinent points in what each faction has said about the other .
Mayor Robert F. Wagner must , as his opponents demand , assume responsibility for his performance in office .
The new President is in no position to start out his dealings with Moscow by UNK UNK UNK .
But because of the peculiar nature of the military situation in Laos , the Soviet leader must be tempted to let things ride -- a course that would appear to cost him little on the spot , but would UNK Washington in a tactical mess .
But for the safety of Southeast Asia , and for the sake of the UNK people -- who would not be UNK by either militant minority now engaged in the fighting -- this last big effort to seal that country from the cold war had to be made .
Mr. Speaker , Mr. Sam , and Mr. Democrat , at one and the same time .
His leadership was not for audiences .
To be presiding officer of it was the end of his desire and ambition .
The Senate to him was not the `` upper body '' and he corrected those who said he served `` under '' the president .
He was a fighter for those of his own party .
Simply out of UNK , their murderers UNK the bodies and tossed the remains into the river .
The probable answer is that it will do so just as long as Russia can exercise a veto in favor of chaos and until young African nations wake up to the truth that out of false pride they are visiting ruin on Central Africa .
Further , it has its work cut out stopping anarchy where it is now UNK .
Last , it makes no sense to deliver Katanga , the one reasonably solid territory , into the existing chaos .
Our comment was that this was `` UNK '' in its ultimate form and that sympathy for the railroad was misplaced since it had entered into such an agreement .
But the UNK have taken over the governing body of the bar , and when the UNK met in St. Louis , it was not to grumble about the humidity but to vote unanimously that the United Nations was scarcely less than wonderful , despite an UNK here and there .
The UNK action shows what free enterprise is up against in our complex maze of regulatory laws .
Mr. Hammarskjold was in Africa on a mission of peace .
progress , or lack of it , toward civil rights in the 50 states is reported in an impressive UNK compilation issued last week by the United States Commission on Civil Rights .
Each state advisory committee UNK its own activity .
`` The committee continues to feel that Florida has progressed in a sound and equitable program at both the state and local levels in its efforts to review and assess transition problems as they arise from time to time in the entire spectrum of civil rights '' .
While some think we move too fast and others too slowly , UNK record is a good one and stands out among the 50 .
What is in doubt as the free Germans and their allies consider the voting trends is the nature of the coalition that will result .
If the party of Adenauer and UNK , with 45 per cent of the vote , approaches the party of Willy Brandt , which won 36 per cent , the result would be a stiffening of the old resolve .
The question left by the election is whether West Germany UNK slightly toward more firmness or more flexibility .
2 .
And what you can't see , the land underneath the water , belongs to someone , too .
Mr. UNK troubles are by no means over .
Or that's what it looked like at the time .
Nor does Sen. Jackson discuss the delicate situation created by the presence in the White House of a corps of presidential assistants engaged in the study of foreign policy .
Mr. Goldberg has less reason for missing .
`` I have to see the facts '' , is the way the UNK puts it .
In New Jersey , too
Against the dramatic fight being waged for preservation of 30 miles of Cape UNK shoreline , the tiny tract at Stone Harbor may seem unimportant .
Public sentiment for UNK our rich natural heritage is growing .
St. Louis sits in the center of a relatively UNK and in some places stagnant UNK region .
The University can make a valuable contribution to the state's economic development through such a study .
The Federal program eventually should have a favorable impact on UNK depressed areas , and in the long run that will benefit St. Louis as well .
An excess of zeal
Also under consideration is an increased investment in Cunard UNK UNK which has applied to serve New York .
South Viet Nam has received UNK in United States aid since 1954 and the rate of assistance has been stepped up since Vice President UNK B. Johnson's visit last May .
The integrity of the office not merely requires that the Secretary General shall be , as the Charter puts it , `` the chief administrative officer of the Organization '' , but that neither he nor his staff shall seek or receive instructions from any government or any other authority `` external to the Organization '' .
This is the root issue for which the United States should stand .
What we must have , if the United Nations is to survive , is as UNK , UNK an organization at the top as human beings can make it , subject to no single nation's direction and UNK to no single nation's ambition .
But it would greatly strengthen any Mayor's executive powers , remove the excuse in large degree that he is a captive of inaction in the Board of Estimate , increase his UNK authority both as to expense and capital UNK , and vest in him the right to UNK city departments in the interest of efficiency and economy .
but the City Council will now share fully this UNK power .
The widespread UNK that has taken place the past twelve months or so among Communist leaders in the provinces gives assurance that the party officials who will dominate the Congress , and the Central Committee it will elect , will all have passed the UNK possible Khrushchev screening , both for loyalty to him and for competence and performance on the job .
Dr. James B. Conant has earned a nationwide reputation as a moderate and UNK school UNK .
His new book , entitled `` UNK And UNK '' , calls for fast and drastic action to UNK disaster .
It UNK the slums , especially the Negro slums , as UNK streets for hundreds of thousands of youngsters .
He has served in positions of greater glamour , both at home and abroad ; ;
Old , tired , trembling the woman came to the cannery .
She had , she said , heard that the plant was closing .
This did not happen in counties of North Georgia , where the rivers run and make rich the bottom land .
Most of us would be willing to admit that forgiveness comes hard .
UNK is the door through which a person must pass to enter the Kingdom of God .
Jesus made three things clear about forgiveness .
In the prayer Jesus taught his disciples to pray we find these words , `` UNK us our debts '' .
It also implies that a man wants his future to be free from the mistakes of the past .
Once Peter asked , `` How UNK shall my brother sin against me , and I forgive him ? ?
But when some of the UNK had subsided and she had been through one of those sessions that are so indispensable to the young female -- six girls sprawled on one bed , drinking UNK and UNK -- she came back to the kitchen to talk with me a minute .
I wanted to grab her by the arm and beg her to wait , to consider , to know for certain because life is so long and marriage is so important .
I asked .
She was shocked .
A man who gives himself to God and to the believers of his church takes upon himself a life of giving .
The narrow fringe of sadness that ran around it only emphasized the pleasure .
This year , on a night cool with the front of September moving in , but with plenty of summer still about , the UNK were holding a neighborhood gathering in the UNK .
Mrs. Podger had UNK pushed things around on the porch to make room for it , and there it was , UNK in a UNK corner , the night breeze UNK its fringe with a slow , caressing movement .
It had begun with the blue UNK feather .
For a few brief minutes they had all been part of one little drama .
Then there had been the UNK itself .
at will , the voice of the UNK , the voices of the UNK , and finally the small boy who had been so interested in Mr. UNK hammock purchase .
Aren't you happy '' ? ?
`` Never happier in my life .
As the South begins another school year , national and even world attention is directed at the UNK slow progress toward racial equality in the public schools .
Desegregation is beginning in two more important Southern cities -- Dallas and Atlanta .
In each city quick public reaction and fast action by the city government halted the threats of more serious incidents .
Another attempt will be made this year in New Orleans to resume the program .
UNK , for example , are ready to let down the bars .
This is a radical change in attitude from the conditions which prevailed several years ago , when a series of UNK was directed against Negroes who were moving into previously all-white neighborhoods of Dallas .
The adjacent driver in Lane B has three choices open to him .
There such UNK UNK would be looked upon as a sure sign of UNK manhood .
Hansen will be getting a late spring training start , which might very well set him back .
.
Don't ask him more .
Richards got a great performance out of his combination of youth and experience last season .
Where , then , can we look for improvement ? ?
He's hitting the ball hard , in the batting cage , and his whole attitude is improved over this time last year .
Of course , this isn't taking into consideration the population of UNK and New York city , but it's the way things look from here at this point .
I know , that my son wants control and direction , but being autistic myself I cannot give full control or direction .
As a rule , the autistic child doesn't enjoy physical contact with others .
Only UNK will UNK it .
What future holds
`` I try to treat Daniel as if he were normal , though of course I realize he is far from that at present .
Certainly , most continue to lack a certain warmth in communication with other people , but many adjust to school , even college , to jobs and even to marriage and UNK .
When different colors are used , she is just as likely to color trees purple , hair green , etc. .
The other children in the class use this same coloring book and do a fairly good job with things their proper color .
An amateur decorator might try her hand at a pair during the long winter evenings , and , by picking up her living room color scheme , add a decorative do-it-yourself note to the room .
UNK , Republican `` volunteers '' go their separate ways , and thus far have given no indication that they'd be willing to join forces under a single directorate , except in the most UNK fashion .
Carvey believes that UNK , which left many Democratic clubs split by these new district boundaries , actually will increase CDC membership .
UNK the council is UNK in areas that register UNK and UNK in the party's favor , strongest where Democrats and Republicans compete on a fairly even basis .
They accuse their enemies of precisely the crimes of which they themselves are most guilty .
Then the Communese reply came back from many UNK with striking consistency .
The West Berlin crisis is being played up artificially because it is needed by the United States to justify its arms drive '' .
( UNK follow '' .
)
The present attempts of the politicians to UNK ordinary UNK shows that this British common sense is unwilling to pull somebody else's UNK out of the fire by new military adventures '' .
Well , dear listeners , despite all the shouting , there will be no war over West Berlin '' .
In the middle of the century , with a circulation of UNK , the Post was one of the most popular UNK in the country .
But UNK poured over $1 million into it and in time it again became one of the most popular UNK of the country .
`` Remember the French railroad UNK who was going to take me floating down the UNK '' ? ?
`` Sure , we met a barrel of rich men but it's hard to find the real thing when you're young , beautiful and the toast of two continents '' `` Remember UNK UNK promised my mother she would look after me on the road '' ? ?
All this remembering took place the other night when I had supper with the UNK UNK at the Beverly Hills Club .
But watching Mrs. UNK Ring , UNK Dalton UNK , Mrs. Robert UNK , Mrs. Walter Adams order UNK UNK , no bread , I could see the UNK UNK of 1920 were determined to be glamorous UNK of 1961 .
A UNK confinement week , with a UNK vacation and shorter hours all around could be an ultimate demand from cell occupants of the nation , with fringe benefits including : 1 .
7 .
`` We have just returned from UNK , UNK , where we were defeated , 34 to 9 '' , the young man noted .
They ran across Mr. Rayburn and the youngster expressed a desire to get the UNK UNK .
Bible reading , even more so than good classical music , grows in depth and meaning upon repetition .
To have the results recorded in everyday usable English should be of benefit to all who seek the truth .
UNK is found in crushed textures .
UNK heels are also popular on UNK or tailored shoes .
UNK shade
The same can be said of shaving yet the electric razor has proved useful to many men .
The electric toothbrush moves in a vertical direction , the way dentists recommend .
writes : Does UNK in the left hand at night , which UNK the person , indicate brain tumor ? ?
no .
UNK baths
UNK and thyroid
But the firm has recognized the tight dollar and the UNK desire to visit the `` smaller , UNK and relatively inexpensive countries '' , and is now prepared to teach modern Greek and UNK through recordings .
Thanks to UNK Arts Records , history UNK may hear Lincoln's `` most memorable speeches and letters '' in a UNK set , interpreted by Lincoln authority and lecturer Roy P. UNK .
Though it was a great relief when the big brains on these shows turned out to be UNK and UNK , it did UNK damage to the ego of the editor and many another intelligent , well-informed American .
One of the obstacles to the easy control of a UNK child is a lack of verbal communication .
During this precarious period of development the mother should continue to influence the growth of the child's conscience .
They seek thereby to lure the old UNK back to the old scenes .
A team feels something .
the desperate agony of UNK stands .
It is gone .
In 1952 Mr. Eisenhower won all but Missouri .
30 per cent of the `` Irish '' vote , and 18 per cent of the `` Negro '' vote .
' task force '
Every legislator from UNK UNK to UNK is going to have his every vote subjected to the closest scrutiny as a test of his political UNK , not his convictions .
How UNK will be the recommendations of Lt. Gov. Garland UNK Senate Committee on Government Operations ? ?
We can't think of anyone else who would want to separate serious candidates from other candidates , either .
The Chamber has not arranged a UNK forum .
But the Legislature should be granted the opportunity to complete its work before choosing up sides for the race .
UNK returning from UNK say the people admire President Kennedy so much , they're even willing to heed his call to sacrifice -- and give up his program .
With our current UNK per hundred tax rate , it is safe to assume that this will qualify when you suggest a community should `` try to develop a modest industrial plant '' as the best way to meet these problems .
While Councilman UNK cited the anticipated increase in school costs in answer to a direct question from a taxpayer , the impact upon a school system does not have to be measured only in increased taxes to find alarm in uncontrolled growth .
We in East Greenwich have the example of two neighboring communities , one currently utilizing double sessions in their schools , and the other facing this prospect next year .
For example : 1 .
4 .
East Greenwich was one of the first Rhode Island towns to enter into contract agreement with the Rhode Island Development Council for planning services we could not provide for ourselves .
Thanks to the generosity of Mr. Irving J. UNK , president of the Temple Beth El ; ;
It can manifest itself before discharge from service , or it can come out years later .
If the doctor is conscientious , he wants to study the patient .
As a result , it takes a little longer than it would on the outside where the family physician knows about the patient .
The American public must be presented with the facts concerning VA UNK .
They opposed the UNK bill , which would have placed the major burden of financial support upon the individual himself through compulsory payroll deduction ; ;
But no President ever before referred to his as a `` lousy job '' ( as Walter UNK recently quoted President Kennedy as doing in conversation with Sen. UNK UNK ) .
What does he think a remark like this `` lousy '' one does to our prestige and morale ? ?
Questions shelters
It looks more like they are going to play at the beach instead of taking lessons on UNK themselves .
But why is it the special responsibility of the CTA to help these people ? ?
The welfare of citizens , old and young , is the responsibility of the community , not only of that part of it that rides the Aj .
My husband's hours away from home for the past years have been from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. the early part of the week , and as late as 8 or 9 on UNK .
No , we are not UNK .
I regret that Bertha UNK ( Today's `` Voice '' ) obtained UNK information .
Teaching the handicapped
The Illinois Commission for UNK Children , which for 20 years has had the responsibility of UNK the services of tax supported and voluntary organizations serving handicapped children , of studying the needs of handicapped children in Illinois , and of promoting more adequate services for them , indeed UNK this new important resource which will help the people of Illinois toward the goal of providing an education for all of its children .
-- I UNK most heartily with today's letter on the futility of writing to Sen. UNK and Sen. Douglas .
-- UNK socialism means government ownership and management of a nation's main industries .
The United States and the U.N. denounce their own principles when they defend the Communist UNK and refuse to acknowledge the right of self-determination of the UNK .
Sir -- UNK me to commend your editorial in which you stress the fact that a program of county colleges will substantially increase local tax burdens and that taxpayers have a right to a clear idea of what such a program would commit them to .
This is taxation without representation .
It will be at the museum until March 30 .
UNK courtesy
to the editor :
It was very refreshing .
In 1950 , Public Law UNK created Civil Defense ( different from UNK of World War 2 ) , a responsibility of the Government at all levels to help reduce loss of life and property in disaster , natural or UNK .
I grant that the dog may not be really protective , based on his training , but if you were UNK the streets looking for a purse to snatch or a young lady to UNK , how quick would you be to attack a person UNK with a dog ? ?
The fact is that the Italians , French and British know that they have no defense against nuclear bombs .
It could provide security without cost of armaments and increase German prosperity and lessen taxation .
According to the official interpretation of the Charter , a member cannot be UNK by not having the right to vote in the General Assembly for UNK of financial obligations to the `` special '' United UNK UNK , and of course cannot be expelled from the Organization ( which you suggested in your editorial ) , due to the fact that there is no provision in the Charter for UNK .
UNK funeral
to the editor :
There is no charge and no state aid .
UNK , writing and simple arithmetic are taught along with such UNK as working in brass .
Church finds news features are helpful
to the editor :
I just wish to UNK Inspector UNK and his efficient police troops in cleaning the city of those horrible automobiles .
There are lots of jobs available for trained high school graduates , but not for the UNK .
Just to remind the Communists that the bombs dropped on Japan were to end a war not start one .
That is why the United Nations was formed so that intelligent men with good intentions from all countries could meet and solve problems without UNK to war .
Why aren't the Soviets expelled from the U.N. ? ?
According to one report , however , Mr. Hammarskjold was considered `` too controversial '' a figure to warrant bestowal of the UNK honor last spring .
Just a brief note of appreciation to Vice President Johnson and UNK UNK driver UNK UNK for providing a first-class example of `` people to people '' good will .
Bridges , UNK and UNK are the most common methods of river UNK .
Each one of these is , by its nature , a focal point or a point of natural congestion .
This can be accomplished by several logical steps : ( 1 )
( 2 )
The whole official City apparently has an intense hatred toward birds .
The City Government is not united in an all-out , UNK drive to stamp out gangs , UNK , UNK , murderers , UNK , UNK .
When we become firm enough to stand for those ideals which we know to be right , when we become hard enough to refuse to aid nations which do not permit self-determination , when we become strong enough to resist any more UNK towards socialism in our own Nation , when we recognize that our enemy is Communism not war , and when we realize that concessions to Communists do not insure peace or freedom , then , and only then will we no longer be `` soft '' .
America doesn't need to `` push-up '' , she needs to stand up ! !
UNK UNK column business scandal views
UNK unto death
It is being fought , moreover , in fairly close correspondence with the UNK of the UNK of the think factories .
So be it -- then we must embark on a crash program for UNK bombs of the common or hydrogen variety , and UNK bombs , which do not exist but are said to be the coming thing .
they will be faithful unto death .
If this capacity had not failed them , they would see that their enemy has made a disastrous UNK .
The official statistics show that 60 per cent are employed workers or independent professional people .
Since he has just shown who is top dog , he may not be ready to receive this highest honor in the gift of the Soviet people .
When a man is laid to rest , he is entitled to stay put .
A more dangerous formula for national frustration cannot be imagined .
UNK the responsible officials would not abolish the government , but would emphasize its accountability for the lives of its individual citizens , which would certainly alter it , and definitely for the better .
Since appeals to morality , to humanity , and to UNK have had such small effect , perhaps our last recourse is the deterrent example .
So , while we properly UNK against the new UNK , history is not likely to justify the pose of righteousness which some in the West were so quick to assume when Mr. Khrushchev made his cynical and irresponsible threat .
Now , of course , that the Russians are the nuclear UNK , radiation is a UNK word than it was in the UNK , when the UNK was testing in the atmosphere .
Assuming the lower figure for the big blast and one shot estimated by the Japanese at 10 megatons , a conservative computation is that the 24 announced tests produced a total yield of at least 60 megatons .
one which , should it fail , will not have UNK the conscience .
Two things have happened in recent months to bring the Council into perspective : each provides a basis for renewed hope and joy .
For UNK , or the temptation to abandon our efforts , `` would show that one placed excessive trust in purely human means without thinking of the UNK of God , the irresistible efficacy of prayer , the action of Christ or the power of the UNK Spirit '' .
the UNK official budget review , which estimates a UNK billion dollar deficit for the current fiscal year , isn't making anyone happy .
The party that won used to say something about a New Frontier .
Two of the principal addresses were delivered by prominent Protestants , and when the speaker was a Catholic , one `` UNK '' on the UNK tended to be of another religious persuasion .
Usually questions from the floor were directed to the non-Catholic speaker or discussion leader .
The first was the UNK program , which will ensure agricultural poverty for years .
Now the government must do that ; ;
There the truth is , open to eyes that are willing to look .
The moment passes .
Before memory , too , clouds over , let us make a note or two of what could be seen .
Now , everyone knows -- or knew in the week of December 10 -- that something had gone UNK wrong with American foreign policy .
But in the moment of truth everyone could see that the U.S. was in reality the principal .
The moment simultaneously revealed that in the crisis our policy ran counter to that of all our NATO allies , to the entire Western community .
We can attack Tshombe , but not UNK .
( Even granted that the Congo should be unified , you don't protect Western security by first removing the pro-Western weight from the power equilibrium .
We can mass our fleet against the UNK , but not against the UNK .
If we grasp this orientation as a key , our national conduct in all of the events here mentioned becomes intelligible .
UNK , more and more , all he needs is someone else's book .
Of straight dramas , there are All The Way Home , which owes much of its poetic power to the James UNK novel , A Death In The Family ; ;
UNK And UNK , lively but shallow theater drawn from the UNK detailed UNK ; ;
UNK
Several more will open soon .
the UNK , a UNK UNK .
UNK of mankind .
Each dancer follows the ancient Oriental pattern -- she UNK UNK with shoulders motionless while her stomach UNK , and , through breathing and muscle control , she UNK ripples across her body to the UNK and away to the far end of the room .
This is done at varying speeds , ranging from the slow and fast UNK UNK ( a musical term meaning double strings ) to the fastest , ecstatic UNK ( meaning greetings or welcome ) .
The UNK is UNK ; ;
When a dancer does well , she provokes a quiet UNK of dollar bills -- although the Manhattan clubs UNK the more UNK practice of slipping the tips into the UNK costumes .
But a great many of the dancers are more or less native .
UNK ( UNK : UNK ) , 25 , a Brazilian UNK who learned the dance from UNK friends in Paris , now lives on UNK West Side , is about the best belly dancer working the UNK , loves it so much that she dances on her day off .
A short , UNK span
It was not until the last year of his life that he had his first UNK show .
These never ceased to suggest that if , in the eyes of Marx and Lenin `` full communism '' was still a very distant ideal , the establishment of a Communist society had now , under Khrushchev , become an `` immediate and tangible reality '' .
The Chinese , North Vietnamese and North Koreans , on the other hand , feel that , UNK , Russia is strong enough to support them in the `` just wars of liberation '' they would like to embark on before long : with China attacking Formosa and the North Koreans and North Vietnamese UNK the southern half of their respective countries .
To the average American , this must sound like an incredible tale from a Saturday night TV movie .
Their national leader , Robert UNK UNK of UNK , Mo. , says the Minutemen believe that guerrilla tactics are best suited to defeat the Red UNK .
They were shown how to advance against an enemy UNK atop a cleared ridge .
It has to do with UNK salaries and tenure .
Teaching is at present a UNK market ; ;
Here , as in all sectors of the economy , quality and justice are both dependent on the right of the individual to deal directly with his employer if he so chooses .
A brief for the negative
In short , get this governmental UNK off our backs and we won't have to worry about European competition or Communism either .
With this no loyal citizen can quarrel .
Even apart from the fact that now at the age of 31 my personal life is being totally disrupted for the second time for no very compelling reason -- I cannot help looking around at the black leather jacket UNK standing idly on the street corners and in the UNK of every American city and asking myself if our society has gone mad .
UNK the following UNK amendment : By moving the term `` Republic '' to lower case , UNK the modern phrase , `` move ahead '' for the UNK `` keep '' , and by using the UNK name on every envelope ( in caps , of course , with the `` in spite '' as faded as possible ) , the UNK cannot fail .
Pope was convicted last year of having aided North UNK rebels by flying bombing missions .
Confrontation
I know of no other solution than the one N.C. proposes -- to do what we can for each UNK as he UNK us , hoping that this will spread beyond him to others at some time and some place .
Thank you for the illustrated editorial `` Confrontation '' .
It seems to me the time has come for the American press to start experimenting with ways of reporting the news that will do a better job of communicating and will be less subject to abuse by those who have learned how to UNK the present stereotype to serve their own ends .
Even then , a few of the `` less interesting '' questions are edited out and glibly summarized by a UNK .
However , last night the UNK were not run at all during the evening hours and all we got on TV were a few UNK which Douglas UNK and UNK and UNK could squeeze into their programs .
apparently it is not .
He did mention in his column the fact that he had received many letters about this and he himself did not understand the networks and the independent local UNK not doing this -- but nothing happened .
For a college of propaganda
There were also a couple in Canada , and several in England .
The English schools preceded ours , and by the time we got into it they had learned a lot about the techniques of propaganda and its teaching .
This is one of the most constructive suggestions made in this critical field in years , and I certainly hope it sparks some action .
One should be able to get hold of the book at once .
If so , I would lean to Sir Charles' conception of the man .
There was about that song something UNK , for this Brahms was Milstein at white heat .
Before you let loose a UNK saying we announced its coming , not once but several times , indeed we did .
Then how about the Civic Opera House ? ?
UNK and drawings by Marie Moore of St. Thomas , Virgin Islands , are shown thru Nov. 5 at the UNK Gallery , UNK Ellis Av. , week days , 3 p.m. to 8 p.m. , Sundays 3 p.m. to 6 p.m. , closed UNK .
And of course Larkin has just the thing they want .
He has a glorious wife and many children .
Mr. Bates shows us how this mutual education spreads its inevitable UNK .
He treats this UNK , bearded , bony UNK with tangible affection and respect .
UNK by UNK UNK in a tempo that is UNK slow , he develops a sense of a high tradition shining brightly and passing gravely through an UNK world .
And the subtleties of the dialogue are most UNK conveyed .
UNK , too , is the performance of Yuri UNK , one of Russia's leading UNK , as UNK UNK , the fat , grotesque `` UNK '' .
It is really as though the Russians have seen in this character the UNK underlying vitality and courage of supposed UNK .
There are other good representations of peasants and people of the court by actors who are finely UNK and magnificently UNK in this last of the Russian films to reach this country in the program of joint cultural exchange .
If so , it might be worth while to assign a future jazz show to a different department -- one with enough confidence in the musical material to cut down on the number of performers and give them a little room to display their talents .
About that same time John UNK TV series on the popular arts proved again that giving jazz ample breathing space is one of the most sensible things a producer can do .
However well chosen and UNK arranged , such UNK unfortunately amounted to more of an interruption than an auxiliary to the UNK main business , which ( considering the talent at hand ) should probably have been the gathering of fresh samples of the Chicago style .
The remainder of the cast fulfilled its assignments no more than satisfactorily just as the old production and limited stage direction proved only serviceable .
Miss Sutherland first sang Lucia at UNK Garden in 1959 .
All of the jackets carry a fairly technical and detailed explanation of this new recording program .
You definitely hear some of the instruments close up and others farther back , with the difference in placement apparently more distinct than would result from the nearer instruments merely being louder than the ones farther back .
The UNK UNK ( UNK ) UNK pleasant memories with well-known songs of that day , and Johnny UNK UNK gives forth with tingling jazz in UNK UNK ( UNK ) .
All of the releases , however , are recorded at a UNK high level , with resultant UNK of any surface noise .
UNK In Review practically guarantees enjoyment , and is a dramatic demonstration of the potentialities of any stereo music system .
During the making recently of an important Biblical film , some 40 volumes of research material and sketches not only of costumes and interiors , but of architectural developments , sports UNK , vehicles , and other UNK were compiled , consulted , and complied with .
But except for a vague adherence to the basic UNK -- i.e. , that Ruth remained with UNK and finally wound up with UNK -- the film version has little to do with the Bible .
And in the new `` King Of Kings '' the plot involves UNK and UNK and turns that cannot be traced to the Gospels .
UNK D'Albert , UNK violinist who made his New York debut three years ago , played a return engagement last night in UNK Hall .
His pianist was Donald UNK , a faculty member at UNK University .
The title refers to the nickname given his wife by the composer , who is also a member of the National UNK Board of Canada .
Miss Xydis was best when she did not need to be too probing .
But it is most interesting in its account of the UNK problems of high command , of decisions and their reasons , of the myriad matters that demand attention in addition to battle action .
administrative organization and delicate diplomatic relations with UNK UNK -- British , American and Chinese ; ;
hospitals ( inadequate ) and nurses ( UNK ) ; ;
UNK and UNK ; ;
UNK about future wars , the Field Marshal has this to say : `` The Asian fighting man is at least equally brave ( as the white ) , usually more careless of death , less UNK by mental doubts , less troubled by UNK sentiment , and not so moved by slaughter and UNK around him .
He is , by background and living standards , better fitted to endure hardship UNK , to demand less in the way of subsistence or comfort , and to look after himself when thrown on his own resources '' .
Other capable UNK included David UNK , Joseph UNK and Pat Thompson .
it is more likely the sons and daughters of that company .
and the dances and songs from the UNK contain a magnificent dance for the men .
The UNK , UNK , presents `` King Of UNK '' by Jean UNK and Eleanor UNK .
This is when his troubles begin , not to mention a UNK artist who he UNK , and who turns out to have ideas of his own , with particular respect to the UNK UNK .
It is awfully UNK , for instance , and not all of the talk is terribly impressive .
But it strikes sparks on occasion and their light causes all else to be forgotten .
Just as exciting but in a more technically proficient way is Laura Stuart , whose complete control of her every movement is lovely to watch .
So the audience last night was all ears and eyes just after Act 2 , got a rousing opening chorus , `` Where's Charley ? ?
And Paul UNK , as Morris , the faithful one who never gets home to his UNK dinner , was fine , too .
As for the ladies , they were full of charm , and sincerity , and deep and UNK affection for this UNK driving , honest , little man .
Jen Nelson , as UNK , his first wife , managed to make that short role impressive .
( Several times recently I have wondered whether shows were being staged for the sake of the script or just to entertain the audience with the spectacle of scenery being shifted right in front of their eyes .
His letter to his daughter on the pains of growing up is surely as UNK , forthright , and warmly understanding a piece of advice as ever a UNK penned to a sensitive child , and with just the right tone of UNK good humor .
This is a virtue of which we have great need in a society where there seems to be an increasing lack of communication -- or even desire for communication -- between UNK schools of thought .
To his Harvard colleague , UNK UNK , whose philosophic position differed radically from his own , James could write , `` Different as our minds are , yours has nourished mine , as no other social influence ever has , and in converse with you I have always felt that my life was being lived importantly '' .
The UNK quality of his drawings , akin to that of UNK scratched on a cave wall , is equally well known .
UNK penetrating in its fashion is the following remark by a lady in the course of a literary conversation : `` So much has already been written about everything that you can't find out anything about it '' .
A tribute to UNK `` UNK '' seems terribly funny , though it would be hard to explain why .
) who first conceived the startling fancy of a picture window in the abdomen .
Anyone can draw his own conclusions from this difference .
Dulles ? ?
The skies turn dark but the clouds do not loose their wrath .
In short , the book , based largely on lectures delivered at Harvard University , is both reliable and UNK ; ;
a man apparently foreign to the very experience of love , without mercy or pity ; ;
But one should not ask for everything .
There is plenty of violence , to be sure , but it is a nice violence and no one gets killed .
Susan Johnson , as the widow , spends the first half of the play running a bar and singing about the UNK death of her late husband and the second half trying to acquire a new one .
`` Donnybrook '' is no `` UNK '' , but it does have some very nice romantic background touches and some excellent dancing .
We can all breathe more easily this morning -- more easily and UNK , too -- because Joshua UNK has turned the stage show , `` UNK '' , into a delightful and UNK film .
Their collaboration in the Beethoven Second Symphony was UNK , intelligent and natural UNK .
His tone is the UNK part of his equipment ; ;
A new work on the program was UNK UNK `` Festival UNK '' , receiving its first New York hearing .
It runs a little more than ten minutes , is UNK , busy , UNK and UNK .
they have both sung these parts here before .
Laura is a good role for Miss UNK , and she gave it force , dramatic color and passion .
unfortunately his voice was out of focus and often spread in quality .
The original impulses came to England late ( in the sixteenth century ) and continue strong long after everyone else had gone on to the baroque UNK UNK , UNK , UNK and the like .
The UNK , `` La UNK '' , `` La UNK '' , `` UNK '' and `` UNK '' , are often more elaborately worked out and , in fact , show a strong Italian influence .
What is interesting about these chamber works here is how they all reveal the aspect of French music that was moving toward the rococo .
Rameau's Six Concerts UNK UNK , recorded by UNK De UNK Pierre UNK ( BAM UNK UNK ) , turn out to be UNK pieces arranged for strings apparently by the composer himself .
The musical UNK and spirit plus a strong sense of taste and measure save a wry little joke from becoming either UNK or UNK .
the work uses the old eighteenth-century tradition of giving the part of a young inexperienced youth to a soprano .
It was paired with a UNK UNK opera , `` The Poor UNK '' , set to a UNK by Jean UNK , a kind of Grand UNK by the sea , a sailor returns , UNK , and gets done in by his wife .
Had a funny experience at Newport yesterday afternoon .
Things like `` When You're Smiling '' , `` Almost Like Being In Love '' , `` Do It Again '' , `` UNK To UNK '' , `` Alone Together '' , `` Who UNK ? ?
'' , `` UNK On The UNK '' , `` How Long Has This UNK Going On ? ?
But it didn't take Judy Garland , UNK , long to realize that this sort of thing was par for the course at Newport and that you have to learn to live with it .
The audience wouldn't let her leave until it had heard `` Over The UNK '' -- although the fellow that kept crying for `` Get Happy '' had to go home unhappy , about that item anyway .
Jazz Three open program
Julie Wilson , a vigorous UNK without many wild UNK , sang a set , a large part of which consisted of such seldom heard old UNK as `` UNK UNK , The UNK Of Savannah '' , and the delightful `` Sunday '' .
She UNK the cake with the always reliable `` Bill UNK '' .
UNK is a difficult musician to UNK .
He has been on previous Newport programs and was one of the sensations of last year's afternoon concerts .
UNK UNK , UNK sax ; ;
He has chosen Sonata Op. 53 in Aj .
The group is superbly trained .
The London label offers an operatic recital by UNK UNK , a baritone whose fame is international .
All the performances of the evening were smooth and assured , and the sizable company , with Mr. UNK and UNK Scott as its leading dancers , seemed to be fine shape .
( Still another song in `` UNK Up The Band '' -- `` I've Got A UNK On You '' -- was retrieved from a 1928 failure , `` UNK Girl '' .
Rudy UNK , who shares star billing with Mr. Morse , makes only two appearances .
Like Mr. UNK , Jerry Herman is both composer and UNK for Milk And UNK ( R. C. A. Victor UNK UNK ; ;
Not that the picture is superficial .
One UNK camera shot is magnificent , as the Germans UNK from a cathedral , UNK a huge , UNK square , and drop their weapons .
Ring Of Bright Water , by Gavin Maxwell .
It is a land of long UNK , few people , a UNK road miles away -- and of wild UNK , UNK UNK , wild UNK , UNK and UNK playing in the waters .
There is UNK , an otter who UNK with Maxwell -- and gave UNK name to a new species -- from the UNK marshes to his London flat .
In the UNK of Camusfearna there had been no loneliness .
Man , to whom UNK gave endless affection and UNK , was responsible in the form of a road worker with a UNK who somehow becomes an abstract symbol of the savage in man .
They serve to UNK a popular notion that the Comedie merely UNK , as accurately as possible , the techniques of acting the classics that prevailed in the 17th century .
by that time , he seemed to have dropped the tragic playing of the last moments of the comedy .
In that function , he helps to rebut another legend about the Comedie .
`` UNK '' , made up of tracks he recorded with UNK UNK and the UNK of the Hot Club of France .
This is a choice item and UNK deserves mention too , of course .
They play : `` Minor Swing '' , `` UNK Rose '' , `` Beyond The Sea '' , `` UNK '' , `` UNK UNK '' , `` UNK '' , `` After You've Gone '' , `` Where Are You , My Love '' ? ?
Kid UNK , the UNK chicken farmer , is also one of the solid anchor points of jazz .
There were 8,000 persons at the Stadium who can tell their grandchildren that they heard Elman .
The explanation offered for her conduct is a UNK attempt to save her marriage to a neurotic husband left sterile as a result of an automobile accident .
No doubt the underlying idea was to show that for all the elegance and UNK that have distinguished its presentations thus far , it too could give a circus if it pleased .
It is danced by some thirty-five men and no women , and it contains everything in the books -- UNK comedy , UNK UNK , and tricks that only UNK or Russians would attempt to make the human body perform .
Yuri UNK , UNK UNK , UNK UNK , UNK UNK , Yuri UNK and Mr. UNK were the chief UNK , but everybody on stage was magnificent .
At the other extreme in character was the half-hour excerpt from the UNK ballet `` UNK '' , which opened the evening .
This scene is a `` white ballet '' in which a UNK hero UNK for his departed UNK spirit among twenty-eight UNK beautiful `` shadows '' who can all dance like nothing human -- which , of course , is altogether fitting .
His zest for specific detail , his sensitivity to emotional atmosphere , his tireless industry and his UNK turned prose all contribute to the effectiveness of his book .
Mr. Nixon is `` a UNK , UNK man , given to long stretches of UNK ; ;
He was above all a friend UNK , almost pathetic in his UNK to be liked .
And he makes many interesting comments .
To understand American politics is , simply , to know people , to know the relative weight of names -- who are heroes , who are straw men , who controls , who does not .
But to operate in American politics one must go a step further -- one must build a bridge to such names , establish a warmth , a personal connection '' .
Negro population in the U.S. has increased 25 per cent while the white population was growing by 18 per cent .
UNK programing to Negro listeners are having to UNK their shows in order to keep pace with rising educational , economic , and cultural levels .
In New York City , UNK UNK `` more community service programs than any other Negro station '' and `` one of the largest Negro news staffs in America '' .
In all big cities outside the South , and even in small towns within the South , radio stations can be found beaming some or all of their programs at Negro listeners .
What sets Negro-appeal programing apart from other radio shows ? ?
Sloan created such works for newspaper supplements before UNK threw him out of a job and sent him to roam the streets of New York , thereby building for America an UNK city survey from paintings of UNK UNK to UNK UNK on city roofs .
The current exhibition , which remains on view through Oct. 29 , has tapped 14 major collections and many private sources .
Herr UNK has only recently become the city's music director , and is a young man with a clear flair for the UNK .
It is the business of UNK , the scientists who study the nature and structure of the universe , to try to solve the great cosmic mysteries by using keys that have clicked open other doors .
For this reason , he says , the density of the universe always remains the same even though the galaxies are UNK away in all directions .
Miss UNK as UNK has a great fund of animal spirits , a strong voice and a warm smile .
At first hardly a person in the audience moved , although some UNK were opened .
UNK Beatrice : `` UNK , and I will weep a while longer '' .
UNK UNK sang so magnificently Saturday night at Hunter College that it seems a pity to have to register any complaints .
UNK is , of course , UNK .
Miss UNK and her excellent pianist , John UNK , often achieved the highest lyrical ideals of the UNK tradition .
Otherwise , the program included , as on Thursday , the UNK `` Design For UNK '' , the UNK `` UNK '' , the UNK UNK `` The UNK '' and the UNK de UNK from `` The UNK '' .
But , even if Mr. Sansom UNK too hard to extract more UNK of meaning and feeling from his travel experiences than the limits of language allow , he still can charm and UNK .
This is an exact description of what Mr. Sansom does .
He only rarely tells a personal anecdote and hardly ever sketches an individual or UNK his opinions .
`` A writer lives , at best , in a state of UNK '' , he says .
This may not be true of many writers , but it certainly is true of Mr. Sansom .
at the sun and the heat of Mediterranean lands , always much brighter and hotter to an Englishman than to an American used to summers in New York or Kansas City ; ;
Mr. Sansom can be eloquent in a spectacular way which recalls ( to those who recall easily ) the statues of UNK and the gigantic paintings of UNK .
In recent days there have been extensive UNK over the absence of original drama on television , but not for years have many regretted the passing of new plays on radio .
Moreover , her central figures are so busily UNK their UNK assignments that none emerges as an arresting individual in his own right or as a provocative symbol of mankind's ills .
The first Saturday in each month is set aside for new recordings .
Other UNK are devoted to studies of a selected American composer , a particular type of music or the music of a given country .
It is good to see those numbers again .
the lovely ( and of course vigorous ) `` UNK '' or `` The Meadow '' ; ;
UNK foliage is most vivid from about Sept. 23 to Oct. 10 , with both UNK ( 100 miles north of Toronto ) and UNK ( UNK miles northwest of Toronto ) holding color UNK starting Sept. 23 .
The UNK Palace at Mitchell , S. UNK , `` the world's UNK building '' , has a UNK through Sept. 23 UNK the Three UNK and UNK UNK UNK .
UNK UNK .
A UNK , UNK satire on very high French society involving a statesman with two enviable possessions , a lovely young bride and a head containing such weighty thoughts that he has occasionally to remove it for greater comfort .
UNK A UNK UNK Of Country Living , this is a gentle and nostalgic chronicle of the changing seasons seen through the clear , humorous eye of a UNK housewife and popular columnist .
But slowly they take over as UNK UNK ( Life , Sept. 15 ) , playing a sometimes appealing but always criminal boy , casually tells a rich and UNK American that he is going to murder him , then does it even while the American is trying to puzzle out how UNK expects to profit from the act .
Records
The Corinthian UNK Club in UNK UNK its winter races Nov. 5 .
UNK , `` Heaven Has No UNK '' does not alter the record except to add one more bad book to the list .
Her lover UNK her in death , at the wheel , and presumably he too has chosen .
The jacket biography describes him as a former racing driver , and he may indeed have been , although I do not recall having encountered his name either in the records or the literature .
In point of fact , the UNK one knows are nearly always intelligent , healthy technicians who differ from other technicians only in the depth of the passion they feel for the work by which they live .
the UNK UNK Moss , one of the greatest UNK of all time , believes that UNK UNK driving is an art form related to ballet .
It is Field Marshal UNK belief that in most Western countries about 60 per cent of the people do not really care about democracy or Christianity ; ;
Each feels intensely national .
But he would fight for his own liberty rather than for any abstract principle connected with it -- such as `` cause '' .
But De Gaulle is buried in the cause of restoring France's lost soul .
However , Montgomery makes little contribution to leadership theory and practice .
The reading public , the UNK public , the UNK public , the UNK public -- all these and others fill substantial roles in U.S. life , but none is so varied , vast and UNK as the eating public .
UNK of the number of milligrams of cholesterol in the blood , which seem to have value in predicting heart attacks , are becoming as routine as the UNK , which can show that the heart has suffered a symptomatic attack .
Americans eat too much .
In West Africa , for example , where meat is a luxury and babies must be UNK early to make room at the breast for later UNK , a childhood menace is UNK , or `` Red Johnny '' , a UNK protein deficiency ( signs : UNK hair , UNK belly ) that kills more than half its victims , leaves the rest prey for parasites and lingering tropical disease .
He is particularly vulnerable to UNK .
So does cold weather .
In moderate doses , alcohol UNK the appestat and UNK appetite ( the original reason for the cocktail ) ; ;
For the army of compulsive UNK -- from the UNK and the UNK to the downright UNK -- reducing is a war with the will that is rarely won .
UNK Keys flatly UNK such appetite UNK as the UNK ( UNK , UNK ) as dangerous `` UNK for a weak will '' .
That remarkable cholesterol .
Despite his personal distaste for UNK ( `` UNK '' ) , Dr. Keys has only an incidental interest in how much Americans eat .
The proteins and fats are burned off , and the cholesterol is left behind .
UNK & UNK .
As a result , although we still make use of this distinction , there is much confusion as to the meaning of the basic terms employed .
Just what is meant by `` spirit '' and by `` matter '' ? ?
We are in a UNK stage in which many of the UNK of former usage have had to be revised or rejected .
Science is fully competent to deal with any element of experience which arises from an object in space and time .
All this has not , however , been an UNK blessing .
There is no framework or structure of thought with respect to which we can organize it and no part of reality , as we know and UNK it , with respect to which we can refer this experience .
Aside from a quaint concern with witches and UNK which provides the immediate problem in the opening scene , it is a quite normal community .
For all involved in this discussion the devil is a real entity who can really be confronted in the woods on a dark night , the UNK world is populated with real creatures , and witches actually can be seen flying through the air .
As the play UNK , however , the audience is subtly brought into the grip of an awful evil which grows with UNK gathering power and soon UNK the community .
If one asks about this play , what it is that comes upon this community and works within it with such terrible power , there is no better answer to give than `` spirit '' .
When we see the steady and UNK UNK into humanity of the idea of man's UNK -- until UNK -- the necessity of the Devil may become evident as a weapon , a weapon designed and used time and time again in every age to whip men into a surrender to a particular church or UNK '' .
It is not enough in accounting for this feeling to analyze it into the UNK of individual people added together to produce a cumulative effect .
Yet it exists and has an objective reality which can be experienced and known .
Every community , if it is alive has a spirit , and that spirit is the center of its unity and identity .
If Bultmann's own definition of myth is strictly adhered to ( and it is interesting that this is almost never done by those who make such UNK ) , the evidence is overwhelming that he does not at all exaggerate the extent to which the mythological concepts of traditional theology have become incredible and irrelevant .
Can we continue to UNK precisely those whose gifts we so desperately need and apart from whose co-operation our mission in the world must become increasingly precarious ? ?
There is an ancient and venerable tradition in the church ( which derives , however , from the heritage of the Greeks rather than from the Bible ) that God is completely independent of his creation and so has no need of men for UNK his work in the world .
and that we firmly believe this will presently become evident when we set forth reasons to justify such a conviction .
Although they have also been concerned to stand squarely within the tradition of the apostolic church , they have exhibited no willingness whatever to sacrifice their modernity to their Christianity .
They have insisted , rather , on living fully and completely within modern culture and , so far from considering this treason to God , have looked upon it as the only way they could be faithful to him .
Hence , if what is in question is whether in a given theology myth is or is not completely rejected , it is unimportant whether only a little bit of myth or a considerable quantity is accepted ; ;
Nowhere have I seen public expression of UNK .
The return of the Catholic hierarchy in UNK was looked upon with indignant UNK and , in fact , was charged with being a gesture of UNK .
An Anglican clergyman in Oxford sadly but frankly acknowledged to me that this is true .
At Oxford one hundred years ago there were very few Catholics , partly because religious tests were removed only in UNK .
The general tone of articles appearing in such important newspapers as the Manchester Guardian and the Sunday UNK implies a kindly recognition that the Catholic Church is now at least of equal stature in England with the Protestant churches .
Thus the image of God is that which makes a man a man and not an oyster ; ;
for he was created not exactly immortal , nor yet exactly mortal , but capable of immortality as well as of mortality .
`` So that the man should not have thoughts of grandeur , and become lifted up , as if he had no lord , because of the dominion that had been given to him , and the freedom , fall into sin against God his Creator , UNK his bounds , and take up an attitude of UNK UNK towards God , a law was given him by God , that he might know that he had for lord the lord of all .
for it prepares the way for the passage from life through death to life that is achieved in Christ .
These two aspects of death cannot be successfully separated , but they dare not be confused or identified .
It is the wages of sin , and its sting is the law .
Their demand against the UNK UNK for intellectual liberty had never meant that they would follow `` free inquiry '' to the extreme of proclaiming Christianity a `` natural '' religion .
Had it done so , the blot on its UNK would have remained indelible , nor could the Harvard Divinity School assemble today to honor UNK UNK other than by getting down on its collective knees and crying `` UNK '' .
UNK for posterity , then , the Boston Association did not actually command Parker to leave the room , though it came too close for comfort to what would have been an UNK brutality .
To the extent that he was UNK or even UNK , we solace ourselves by saying he asked for it .
Is it after all possible that no matter how the liberals trumpet their confidence in human dignity they are exposed to a UNK of fear more UNK than any conservative has ever to worry about ? ?
Emerson UNK the problem by shoving it aside , or rather by leaving it behind him : he walked out of the Unitarian communion , so that it could UNK the wound of his departure , preserve its UNK and eventually accord him pious UNK .
And then , as they become aware that they have reached the end of their patience , what do they , to their dismay , learn for the first time about themselves ? ?
UNK is less individual or runs more into masses , and often rules with a rod of iron '' .
Even more UNK , and with the insight of a genius , Channing added -- remember , this is Channing , not Parker ! !
UNK the Catholics for it ! !
We have not the leisure , or the patience , or the skill , to comprehend what was working in the mind and heart of a then recent graduate from the Harvard Divinity School who would UNK the UNK to UNK his most formidable instructor , the UNK UNK Norton , by saying that , while he believed Jesus `` like other religious teachers '' , worked miracles , `` I see not how a miracle proves a doctrine '' .
The outcome of such an experiment has been in due time the acceptance of the Bible as the Word of God inspired in a sense utterly different from any merely human book , and with it the acceptance of our Lord Jesus Christ as the only begotten Son of God , Son of Man by the Virgin Mary , the Saviour of the world .
Before He left them He promised that His peace would be their portion to abide in their hearts and minds .
not that empty peace the world offers , but a deep , UNK peace which nothing can destroy .
Because your soul was made to be filled with God Himself , not religious functions `` about '' Him .
He says : `` That would reduce neurotic ailments tremendously .
10% of them worried about their friends , neighbors , and relatives , most of whom were quite capable of taking care of themselves .
Only UNK of the worries had behind them real causes which demanded attention .
Watch people flock to amusement houses , cocktail UNK , and night clubs that UNK continuous entertainment , which means an endless flow of noise and UNK by paid UNK who are supposed to perform in those incredible ways which are designed to give men a few hours of dubious relaxation -- watch them and you can tell that many of them are running away from something .
The question is : what are we going to do about them ? ?
That is a sound position , but it is important that Moscow shall recognize it not merely as the word of a president but as the mind of a free people who are not afraid .
Read the next two verses : `` When the wicked , even mine enemies and my foes , came upon me to eat up my flesh , they stumbled and fell .
He has already UNK huge areas of the world , putting men behind concrete walls and iron curtains and barbed wire , reducing them to slavery , systematically crushing not only their bodies but their souls , and shooting them to death if they try to escape their prison .
Another man tried to swim across the river from the East to the West , but was shot and killed .
-- those were His very first creative words -- He began the world with light -- this God still gives light to a world which man has plunged into darkness .
For those who put their trust in Him He still says every day again : `` Let there be light '' ! !
When that fear has been removed by faith in Jesus Christ , when we know that He is our Savior , that He has paid our debt with His blood , that He has met the demands of God's justice and thus has turned His wrath away -- when we know that , we have peace with God in our hearts ; ;
But this was only accomplished by excessive cruelty and extremes of totalitarian despotism .
Many of the latter were destroyed in their turn , during the burning of the vast UNK palace some ten years later ; ;
But , up to now , no one has attempted to analyze its inherent mathematical properties , or the numerical significance of its numbers -- UNK or in combination -- and then tried to consider these in the light of Old Chinese UNK concepts .
Then , if the middle number is activated to its greatest potential in terms of this square , through multiplying it by the highest number , 9 ( which is the square of the base number ) , the result is 45 ; ;
The existing UNK for UNK must have been still further stimulated toward the close of the second century B.C. , when the Han Emperor UNK UNK ordered the UNK color changed to yellow -- which symbolized the Center among the traditional Five Directions -- and took 5 as the UNK number , believing that he would thus place himself , his imperial family , and the nation under the most UNK influences .
His immediate motive for doing this may not have been directly inspired by the Lo Shu , but this measure must inevitably have increased the existing beliefs in the latter's efficacy .
After this time , UNK on the Han bronze mirrors , as well as other writings , emphasized the UNK of keeping one's self at the center of the universe , where cosmic forces were strongest .
The Yang , or male principle , was the source of light , heat , and dynamic vitality , associated with the Sun ; ;
We have already seen that odd numbers were considered as being Yang , while the even numbers were Yin , so that the eight outer numbers of the Lo Shu represented these two principles in balanced equilibrium around the UNK center .
the 8 , the UNK in the Northeast ; ;
The work of Lay UNK UNK is not completed when all of the persons on the UNK UNK have been interviewed .
The first thirty to sixty days after individuals make their decision will determine their interest and participation in the life of the Church .
Some churches require more .
They will have a greater appreciation for the Church and a deeper devotion to it if membership requires something of them .
Others meet on Sunday night , at the UNK service , or for a series of four nights .
most pastors find that the fourth session should take at least two hours and therefore hold it on a week night prior to Reception Sunday .
Additional suggestions for membership preparation
Use a UNK with assigned readings each week .
10 )
This should be a high moment in their lives , a UNK experience .
2 )
UNK sponsors or Fellowship Friends to stand back of the new members in the reception service .
Basic needs
The statement also points to a classic paradox : The more men turn toward God , who is not only in himself the paradigm of all unity but also the only ground on which human unity can ultimately be established , the more men splinter into groups and set themselves apart from one another .
Man is at once a UNK animal and a UNK being .
As much as men intrinsically need the unity that is grounded in God , they UNK require the institutions that will direct their steps toward him .
UNK communication need not be regarded as an unfortunate burden visited upon us by the necessity of maintaining diplomatic relations with our UNK .
they simply could no longer be purchased for missionary purposes .
The modern world has been marked by progressive UNK with claims to divine sanction for the state , whatever its political form .
UNK trends can be noted elsewhere .
The religious parties in Israel have experienced a great loss of prestige in recent months .
I mean , however , that the moral UNK knows what he means by `` permit '' .
This would be by far the better choice , when `` it is a question of allowing the human race to survive , possibly under the domination of a regime which most of us UNK , or of allowing it to destroy itself in appalling and prolonged anguish '' .
`` the worst , and least probable '' result ; ;
it is no longer to be formulated in terms of the nature of present action itself , its intention , and UNK effect or the thing to be done .
Even a nuclear holocaust is a little less frightful to contemplate than a race of UNK humans occupying the earth until UNK '' .
`` I would far rather die after a Russian occupation of this country -- by some deliberate act of refusal -- than die UNK by UNK '' .
He wants to be `` UNK frank and say that these UNK would be hopeless -- far , far more hopeless than was the Hungarian revolution of 1956 '' .
Several New England realtors were invited to participate in a small UNK of property lawyers , political scientists , economists , social psychologists , social UNK and theologians .
This article presents our observations of that session , of the realtors as they saw themselves and as the faculty and students saw them .
Obviously , much more than customer expectation is determining the UNK role .
all feared the supposed UNK they believed would inevitably attach to any realtor who openly introduced UNK , particularly Negro , peoples into all-white , restricted areas .
( 1 ) Most of the realtors minimized their own understanding of and role in the racial issue , pleading that they only reflect the attitudes and intentions of their society .
Discussion of minority housing necessarily involves such basic issues as the intensity of one's democratic conviction and religious belief concerning equality of opportunity , the function and limitations of government in the securing of such equality , and the spotlight that world opinion plays upon local incidents of racial agitation and strife .
( 2 ) UNK realize , of course , that they are involved in an increasingly complex legal and political system that is opening up opportunities for UNK on their relation to clients as well as opportunities for UNK of their responsibility for racial discrimination in housing .
One of the roles of the social scientist , UNK or UNK in our discussions with the realtors became that of encouraging greater awareness of the opportunities offered by the legal and political processes for the exercise of broad social responsibilities in their work .
But responsiveness to these opportunities UNK that all of us judge the good as a human good and not simply as a professional , white , American good .
UNK discrimination is wrong , then , not because it goes against the grain of a faculty member trying to converse with a few realtors but because it goes against the grain of creation and against the will of the Creator .
It is power with which we can literally rebuild the world , provide adequate housing , food , education , abundant living for everyone everywhere .
An UNK atoms
You can imagine what it would look like going out on the turnpike with the peas UNK up against the houses and covering the cars ; ;
we cover each of these with our blanket of peas and then at last we have UNK peas corresponding in number to the atoms in the body .
Let us focus on an atom of calcium from the tip of the bone of my finger and let us suppose that I swallow a magic Alice In UNK growing pill .
It is this atomic nucleus that contains the positive charge of electricity holding these UNK charged electrons in their orbits ; ;
and since the universe is also made of atoms , it is just a UNK .
And this is why so many scientists a half a century ago were UNK or UNK .
Harmony , melody , counterpoint symphonic structure are there ; ;
and as this music UNK and flows , there is an UNK chorus from all the atoms outside , in fact from the atoms of the entire universe .
but the rest of the year only one boat is needed , which ties up at the mainland nights and makes the trip down to Nantucket in the daytime .
This is a fine trip , too , on a good day .
The temptation is to say that , as the percentage of church members mounted , the degree of discipline exercised by the churches lessened and the trend was towards conformity to the general level .
A few of the more prominent must serve as examples of what a complete listing and description would disclose .
Long before 1815 the Christian conscience was leading some to declare slavery wrong and to act accordingly .
After 1815 anti-slavery sentiment mounted , chiefly among Protestants and those of Protestant background of the older stock .
The Chinese emperor , by proper observance of ritual , manifested divine powers .
He regulated the UNK of light and darkness , Yang and Yin , which are locked in eternal struggle .
The family home was , in fact , a temple ; ;
The common belief was that there existed one moral order , which included everything .
UNK action on the empirical determination of cause and effect provides a toughness and UNK that no powerful UNK ancestor could ever impart -- plus the added liberation from the UNK of silent burial UNK .
In China , the magical system par excellence was UNK .
UNK UNK was a secular , rational philosophy , but even with this different orientation it could not escape from the ethos of a cosmic government .
UNK of Zen to the West record its ancestry , and recognize that Zen grew out of a combination of UNK and Indian Mahayana Buddhism .
So , too , was the insistence on the UNK of the external world , and the ideas that language and things perceived by consciousness were poor substitutes indeed for immediate perception by pure , UNK spirit : the opposition of pure consciousness to UNK consciousness .
Then the monk praised Yang UNK saying : `` I have come over to China in order to worship UNK , and met unexpectedly with Minor UNK '' , and after giving the master some palm leaves he brought from India , went back through the air .
To the Zen monk the universe is still populated with `` spiritual beings '' who have to be UNK .
They recommended , also , that `` at a fixed hour , let the entire family be assembled for night prayers , followed by a short reading of the Holy Scriptures '' .
All have gone UNK together ; ;
Romans 3 : UNK , 23 .
In their case , the god of this world ( UNK ) has UNK their UNK minds , that they should not see the light of the gospel of the glory of Christ , who is the image of God .
St. John 3 : 5 , 6 .
St. John 3 : 3 , UNK .
UNK 15 .
He who believes in the Son ( Jesus Christ , the Son of God ) , has everlasting life .
The wind blows where it will , and thou UNK its sound but UNK not know where it comes from or where it goes .
You cannot be saved ; ;
It was permitted .
Finally men arrested Him , gave Him a mock trial , UNK Him , nailed Him on a cross and hung Him between earth and heaven ; ;
You can ignore Him .
the ever burning UNK of the flesh or the powerful victory of Holy Spirit discipline .
God has already set the day when you will be in His hands .
When I came into being , 15 years ago , I had one primary purpose : to help men and women everywhere to know God better , and through knowing Him better to become happier and more effective people .
Some of the people who speak through my pages are famous ; ;
`` You're so preoccupied that you've let your faith grow dim .
With our growth came expansion into new fields of service .
Today more than a thousand industries distribute me to their employees .
Catherine Marshall UNK , the insight that has made her books UNK and UNK UNK , the keen perception of an advertising executive .
all over the country a massive shield of prayer was thrown around him .
I need your support , your criticism , your encouragement , your prayers .
my name is Guideposts .
Within a week , however , I began to suspect that something was wrong .
his division of society into two classes , one the hero , the other the UNK .
many came from Communist countries .
Then one day , early in January , 1960 , I sat down at my desk , and suddenly I was aware of the UNK .
Far from discouraging Henri , his parents urge him on to greater and greater accomplishments .
But he was totally dissatisfied with his upper body .
It just got longer and longer '' .
In his UNK the professor has some of the most `` knocked out '' equipment since Vic UNK .
Now when Henri has completed four complete Push-Pull UNK No. 1 , the professor allows him about a UNK rest period before starting him on four complete Push-Pull UNK No. 2 .
It's a complete thigh UNK exercise .
3 .
You should have a couple of training partners to stand by when you make your first experiments just for safety .
His soil was `` nothing special '' , just prairie land , but he had UNK in compost until it was loose , UNK and UNK .
One year I simply set the plants in the remains of a compost pile , to which a little sand had been added , and I had the most beautiful pansies in my , or any of my UNK experience .
I started the seed in a flat in June and set out the little pansies in a cold frame .
I like to shear half my plants at a time , leaving one half of them to blossom while the second half is getting started on its new round of blooming .
Many people think that pansies last only a few weeks , then their period of growth and bloom is over .
UNK have character .
UNK them right and they'll make a showing every month in the year except the frigid ones .
it is subtle and rather UNK , UNK .
There is no UNK or UNK or UNK needed .
It is thick , much like an egg UNK skin , so that poison UNK , if they are used , present no hazard to the consumer .
The nation would be utterly UNK .
The will of its people , so crucial in time of peril , would be broken .
Because of a UNK ballistic UNK , the location of a fixed target must be known quite accurately .
Until this hunter-killer operation can be performed by UNK , manned aircraft appear to be the only means available to us .
The forces which survive the initial attack must be found and destroyed .
UNK long-range aircraft which can take off from small ( UNK ) airfields with UNK .
One seldom hears the analogy `` nuclear propulsion will do for the aircraft what it has already done for the submarine '' .
We would have the means to seek out and destroy the enemy's force -- whether it were fixed or mobile .
No need to kill an entire city and all its people because we lacked the precision and reconnaissance to UNK UNK the enemy's military force .
UNK will be hard put to see through clouds -- and to see in the dark .
It would be priceless to have an aircraft to gather that post-attack reconnaissance .
It could operate under the clouds and perform infrared photography through clouds and at night .
Few people realize that one UNK of nuclear explosive power will create 1,000 UNK UNK at 100 feet .
Or put another way , the hardest missile site planned today could be destroyed by placing a UNK UNK ( UNK the size of those used in Hiroshima and UNK ) within 100 to 200 feet of the target ! !
With these keen `` eyes '' and small nuclear weapons delivered with accuracy , military forces can be directly attacked with minimum damage to urban areas .
Since it requires only five players , it would seem to fall into the category of chamber music -- yet it calls for a double bass , an instrument generally regarded as symphonic .
Some of UNK playing strikes me as UNK , however .
( UNK has acquired some of Schnabel's keyboard manner , but his playing is of limited insight .
UNK UNK , playing with a group of musicians from the Bayreuth UNK , gives a sturdy reading , in much the same vein as that of the UNK UNK .
UNK once again to the Schnabel UNK , I am UNK anew by the UNK of this pianist's musical penetration .
On the basis of what they give us we can know how the young UNK sang , appreciate the distinctive qualities of UNK under Karl UNK baton , or sense the type of ensemble UNK created in his years with the New York Philharmonic .
( Music often sounds best to me when I can dress informally and sit in something more comfortable than a theatre seat .
Because of this , only those with truly fine equipment will be able to appreciate the exact degree of the UNK triumph .
The orchestra is far enough away from you that you miss the bow UNK , UNK UNK , and other noises incidental to playing .
It is this sort of experience that makes the concept of high fidelity of real musical significance for the home music listener .
Twenty years ago her daughter UNK Long , then 13 years of age , won the Grand UNK Trophy , UNK UNK Class ( as they were called then ) at Westminster .
legs to produce motion and rate of speed .
Westminster Show UNK
From there on , each Junior was going to be judged individually .
UNK is 16 years of age and had several wins to her credit last year .
From the records we keep -- Susan is the only Junior who has placed in the Junior Classes in both United States and Canada .
The Kansas City and the UNK UNK are arranging that Juniors who win at their shows will be qualified to win points for Westminster .
UNK has become a giant whose strides cover the entire nation from sea to shining sea .
Boats are operated in every state in the Union , with the UNK concentrations along both coasts and in the Middle West .
The spectacular UNK in pleasure boating is markedly evident , UNK , in the areas where boats have always been found : the natural lakes , rivers , and along the nation's UNK .
It is a simple task to haul a boat fifty or one hundred miles to a lake or reservoir on the new , light , strong , UNK trailers which are built to accommodate almost any kind of small boat and retail from $100 to $2,000 .
The sight of UNK UNK , UNK , and UNK being wheeled smartly along highways many miles from any water is commonplace .
There are UNK which are literally homes afloat , UNK whole families in comfort and convenience .
The outboard engine of today has a UNK range of one to 80 horsepower , UNK of a few years ago for a two cycle engine in quantity production .
Of course , individual financing arrangements depend a good deal on the UNK earning power , credit rating and local bank policy .
If your state has no provisions for the numbering of pleasure boats , you must apply for a number from the U.S. Coast Guard for any kind of boat with mechanical propulsion rated at more than 10 horsepower before it can be used on Federal UNK .
As America on wheels was responsible for an industry of motor courts , motels , and drive-in establishments where you can UNK , see a movie , shop , or make a bank deposit , the UNK number of boating UNK have UNK industries designed especially to accommodate them .
UNK behind the plane of the tappets are the locking bars .
Generally , these locks on UNK are called `` facing point locks '' .
The interlocking frame we built at the model UNK workshop and then installed on Paul UNK railroad follows the Fig. 1 scheme and is shown beginning in Fig. 7 , page 65 , and in the UNK .
UNK
UNK the assembly when you make the mark to show the location for `` B '' .
UNK this second `` B '' to `` A '' at right angles .
There should be UNK '' between the two parallel members and each should be UNK '' from an end of the long piece .
Now cut five Af locking bar spacers ( which run UNK ) .
UNK these UNK for mounting the electrical contact later on .
Each completed locking bar should remain in place as the work progresses to insure UNK fitting .
UNK and the formulas that allow it to be applied to different problems are , therefore , essential to any scientific endeavor .
The first step in using a formula is to insert the numerical values of the factors involved in their correct positions in the formula .
UNK for UNK formulas are not complicated .
The symbol for division is a straight line that UNK two numbers placed one above the other .
The symbol for subtraction is the standard minus sign .
UNK formulas apply to many phases of the sport .
Sometimes it is necessary to roughly UNK the square inch area of the opening but the calculation can usually be made with sufficient accuracy that it won't affect the final computation .
This method of computing compression ratio cannot be used accurately for engines that have UNK with either UNK or irregularly shaped heads .
By using the appropriate version any one of these factors can be determined for any combination of the other three .
A tire must be UNK to its normal hot operating pressure and the car must be loaded to its operating weight when this measurement is made .
For an engine speed of UNK rpm , a gear ratio of UNK to 1 , and a tire radius of 13 inches , the equation would look like this : Af
UNK UNK ( UNK Hanover ) UNK ; ;
It took this colt several weeks to strike a pace .
Then , after UNK , he was eased up for a couple of weeks .
UNK ( Knight UNK ) is a UNK bay UNK of a colt , not the best UNK , but he surely can pace and is right there with them , and sometimes leading them , in the best miles .
His best mile to date is UNK .
He is going sound again now , and looks good .
UNK UNK ( ( Meadow UNK UNK ) 2:36 ; ;
UNK ( UNK ) 2:35 ; ;
Next Knight ( Knight UNK Time ) 2:36 ; ;
In going away UNK got behind several lengths , UNK at the start -- she is a little UNK .
After well broken and equipped with UNK shoes on behind , UNK in front , she would trot a real storm with the master , UNK , driving .
Being placed in the hopples she was completely baffled .
UNK Freight ( Knight UNK Helen ) , UNK .
Jimmy UNK is high on Adios UNK ( UNK UNK ) and she sure looks good as she goes by .
He also likes UNK Hanover ( Titan UNK Hanover ) 2:37 .
Del UNK , Calif. , Feb. 3
Eddie Duke , p , 3 ( by Duke Of UNK ) , UNK C. , p ( by UNK Hanover ) and UNK UNK , 5 ( by King's UNK ) in UNK ; ;
and UNK , 3 ( by UNK Adios ) in UNK .
Carter UNK , p , 3 , UNK , Great UNK UNK , and Hi Jay , p , UNK have been in UNK ; ;
Well , if you're that kind of UNK we're here to help you .
The UNK bullet leaves the muzzle at UNK UNK , which gives it all the smash needed at woods ranges .
have the short action ; ;
The UNK ( about UNK ) is an even newer
You can have your choice of a UNK UNK , the UNK ( about UNK ) or a single-shot , the UNK ( $10 less ) .
They'll travel 50 feet or more when thrown from the spring trap but it's almost impossible to break one after it passes the UNK mark .
See page 24 for a complete report on it .
The UNK version holds UNK as optional .
The tallyho had cost Vernon UNK .
Club UNK
It was a post of honor , held UNK for him ; ;
A number of them must have fallen into UNK ; ;
they were struck out with remarks in red ink , UNK both the cooks and the management .
) UNK trees grew there also .
UNK the apples in the UNK tin , spread over them three UNK of softened butter , with as much brown sugar , a sprinkling of UNK , and a fresh bay leaf , then lay on a cover of UNK , and UNK it with beaten UNK of egg .
Now , to add to the already unbelievable extremes found in one nation , we have the two new states of Hawaii and Alaska .
New England deserves as much of your vacation time as you can afford with such areas as Cape UNK providing wonderful beaches , artists' colonies and quaint UNK .
However , the use of UNK is not allowed .
Florida provides tropical scenes UNK in the United States .
In San Antonio visit the famous UNK and photograph 18th Century Spanish buildings and churches .
Best solution is to find an area that is predominantly sunlight or shade .
Of course , while in this vicinity you won't want to miss a visit to Mount UNK National Memorial where on the side of a mountain are the famous sculptures of Presidents Washington , Lincoln , Jefferson and Theodore Roosevelt .
Of current interest is UNK , Kansas , the birthplace of UNK Eisenhower .
Night scenes will add an exciting touch to your vacation UNK and what better place to take them then along Chicago's Lake Shore Drive ? ?
UNK of historic UNK of the area you visit will add depth and background to your vacation photo story .
The UNK Grove presents another unique aspect of UNK , for these ancient giant trees are a sight never to be forgotten .
On May UNK , A.D. , , its name was changed again , this time to UNK after its emperor , Constantine .
There the bus turned right along the Bosphorus , past ocean UNK at anchor , to UNK Bridge over the entrance to the Golden Horn , a brown sweep of water that UNK into the Bosphorus .
This one was set up here in UNK A.D. on a UNK , the faces of which are carved with statues of the emperor and his family watching games in the Hippodrome , done so realistically that the obelisk itself is included in them .
UNK my steps to the Mosque of UNK UNK , only one with six UNK , I entered the courtyard , with a gallery supported by pointed arches running around it and a fountain in the middle .
One of the most beautiful buildings in Istanbul , it was constructed in the early years of the UNK Century , with a huge central dome , two half domes that seem to UNK down from it , and smaller full domes around the gallery .
Inside , the walls are covered with blue and white tile , the floor with red and cream carpets .
Back at the UNK Fountain , I walked left to the streetcar stop and rode up the hill -- any car will do -- past the Column of Constantine , also known as the UNK Column , at the top on my right .
I found it fairly depressing and emerged almost immediately .
Just before reaching it I came to a grey and brown stone building that looks somewhat like an Oriental UNK , with UNK lettering in gold and colored tile decorations -- the Fountain of UNK UNK .
Going through a door into another small court , I had the UNK Room directly in front .
Keep ashes from one barbecue to the next to sprinkle over coals if they are too hot , and to stop flames that arise from melting grease .
Don't plan meals that are too complicated .
When you start the outdoor performance , you can stay UNK without a dozen running trips into the kitchen .
)
Do keep the grill high enough above the fire so that when fat from meat UNK down and flares up , flames cannot reach the meat .
UNK only costs about UNK a yard for the very best .
With them , you can carry steaks and hamburgers at refrigerator temperatures , and also get your frozen food for UNK and UNK , to the UNK or picnic , in UNK condition .
UNK supper , outside , is a natural .
Get copper or UNK UNK that keep beer chilled or soup hot .
or just evenings .
For UNK load up the cooler with ice and keep cool pop in the car .
So that his customers should not soil their hands , UNK issued white gloves .
To make the picnic frank come close to perfection , remember these tips :
-- Score each frankfurter in four or five places about a third of the way through .
This permits the UNK to UNK the meat during cooking .
-- An unusual flavor can be achieved by UNK the franks in French dressing or a mixture of honey , lemon juice and brown sugar prior to the picnic .
You'll never hear `` UNK '' , the Japanese word for UNK , from your guests when you give a hibachi party .
The fun of UNK their own sausages over the small Oriental charcoal UNK and UNK them in UNK sauces will keep your group busy -- try it and see ! !
Also spear pineapple chunks and place in separate bowl .
UNK about 10 minutes , and keep warm for serving .
To prepare mustard cream , blend mustard with enough water to make a thin paste .
Add a few UNK seeds , too , if you'd like .
Place on rectangle of foil and pinch edges together tightly .
UNK frankfurter UNK with about 1/2 cup melted butter and toast slowly over glowing coals until dough is golden brown .
The size of wooden mold will determine the amount of clay needed .
experiment with defects for decoration techniques of UNK and colors ) .
UNK project to stand for about five minutes ( if wooden press mold is a good antique , do not leave clay in too long as the UNK may cause mold to crack ) .
gently lift the edge on far side , then continue to release edge completely around mold .
UNK UNK
Clay was rolled to 1/4'' '' thickness .
UNK with lids
Make paper patterns for sections of jar and lid ( see Fig. 1 , opposite page ) .
if inner lid is too big , trim to fit , allowing room for thickness of glaze .
Score UNK edges and remove pieces from mold ; ;
Use water on finger to smooth seams and edges .
Turn UNK upside down .
UNK base slightly to allow room for UNK .
Trim away excess clay ; ;
To add handle , place a wooden UNK against the inside wall of UNK .
UNK :
Put cut pieces on plaster board to dry to firm UNK state .
Changing colors
When changing from one color to another , whether working on right or wrong side , pick up the new strand from underneath dropped strand .
to measure UNK :
See illustration .
Hotei is 23 feet long with an UNK beam and every inch a family boat .
The UNK motor drives her at 25 UNK with six aboard ! !
A lot of thought went into storage space construction .
The keelson , made of two UNK UNK , is next installed .
The second piece is in turn glued and screwed to the first .
The aluminum , flush against the battens , acted as a UNK stick and enabled me to plane the chines and keelson to the proper UNK easily .
A UNK width is used on each side and it UNK the keel line by about three inches .
I used bright red , mixing the pigment in thoroughly before adding the UNK .
When they're on , the top edges are UNK even with the sheer UNK .
After the UNK is on , the cabin sides are installed .
Inside , bunks are framed up and installed as indicated .
Available in Af sheets , it costs about a dollar a square foot .
You can build this vacation cottage yourself .
It is a full scale , small , but efficient house that can become a year UNK retreat complete in every detail .
In recognition of the growing trend for second homes , or vacation cottages , we have designed this one specifically with the family UNK in mind .
Everything possible has been UNK to standard sizes and measurements of materials .
Don't worry too much about rocky or sloping terrain ; ;
With this first issue we give you a list of the materials needed to build the basic ( UNK version ) and the expandable ( UNK version ) .
The wall panels are constructed of a framework of standard Af and Af of a good grade , free from structural faults .
The battens covering the joints are of Af stock and are applied after the walls are erected .
The head is mounted on a horizontal arm that UNK on the supporting column to position the drill bit instead of the work .
wiping with a slightly UNK cloth will discourage UNK of the column and quill .
UNK not fitted with sealed spindle bearings will need a drop of oil now and then in the UNK holes in the quill .
Generally , the larger the tool and the harder the material , the slower the speed .
This paper was signed by UNK persons , UNK a total of two hundred shares .
that he moved with his parents to West UNK when he was sixteen years old ; ;
`` .
This chain bridge proved less durable than the wooden arch on the Salisbury end .
UNK and opened for traffic in UNK , the bridge was designed and built by UNK UNK and his brother , UNK , of Beverly .
True , our problems have lessened a bit as more and more of our neighbors have built their own pools , thereby UNK our spectacular attractions .
Where to put it
We speak from varying UNK .
The placement of your pool , however , will not of itself solve the two major problems of pool UNK -- those that involve your social life and those pertaining to safety .
UNK with them demands stern discipline -- of yourself as well as of your family , neighbors , friends and anyone you ever talked to on a UNK jet .
Had we taken a UNK on a state park ? ?
We were in business ! !
We gently UNK them to an island of tables and chairs UNK placed on the far side of the pool where they can UNK each other until we get ready to merge sides .
( To avoid any possible excuse for a dripping parade through your house , it is a good idea to have a telephone extension near the pool as well as a direct outdoor route between the pool , and the parking area .
UNK rules , of course , are more important than all the others put together .
When you first acquire a pool , we earnestly recommend -- for your own mental health -- a good long chat with your insurance agent .
You need UNK .
You should firmly insist that no UNK pins or hair pins be worn in the water .
When shed , they leave rust marks .
Control of temperature and humidity is a UNK to the aged and the invalid .
UNK is easier .
When you're less UNK , things just naturally look brighter .
The children can have their daytime UNK and hot meals , and be put to bed on schedule in UNK rooms .
It can go in UNK waste space .
You can get a hot water system that will also work for cooling your house .
A UNK is a unit of heat , and the UNK rating of a conditioner refers to how much heat your machine can pump out of your house in an hour .
By accepted definition , a UNK conditioner will provide UNK UNK of cooling in one hour .
A UNK conditioner , for example , may vary in effectiveness from under 8,000 UNK to well over 10,000 Aj .
The UNK procedure is to let your builder estimate the size of the unit you need , rather than trying to do this yourself .
UNK trees , too , are a big help , so keep them if you can .
The way a house is set on its lot can therefore influence how much cooling you're going to need .
UNK adds to the moisture load .
Good workmanship is important in the installation , so if you're doing your own UNK , don't award the job on the basis of price alone .
Most recreation work calls for a good deal of UNK .
These are becoming more and more available through the work of counties and other government agencies .
The new editions of UNK maps being made by the federal government are excellent for UNK yourself to the natural features of the site .
For site planning work , it is best to have a qualified and experienced park UNK to carry through the study .
Water interest is one of the most valuable factors you can find for a recreation site .
Most park planners look to water frontage for basic park areas .
Park visitors are always eager to learn more about the area they are in .
size and shape
An area may be too small for the needs of the project .
Determine how much UNK limits useful area or what the costs of earth moving or UNK might be .
Figure the cost of providing water to the use areas .
Look at the trees as to size and interest , the amount of shade they provide , how healthy they are , the problems of maintenance , fire hazards , wind throw , etcetera .
UNK
a trial balloon to test the aesthetic climate of the times ; ;
I remember Ernest UNK in the UNK , shouting in his high-pitched voice : `` it may be a tour de force , UNK UNK UNK , can anyone take this music seriously '' ? ?
Certainly , America took Prokofieff and his Classical Symphony seriously , and with a good deal of pleasure .
we bought his records and played them in our schools and universities .
How right he was ; ;
UNK the vast difference in scope and beauty between his neat and witty little Classical Symphony and his big , muscular , passionate , and eloquent Fifth Symphony ; ;
Of course , these works are not comparable , even though the same brain conceived them .
Prokofieff never UNK his medium for the cause of experimentation per se .
At this date , it seems probable that the name of Serge Prokofieff will appear in the UNK of History , as an effective UNK , who was fully aware of the lure and danger of experimentation , and used it as it served his purpose ; ;
So Prokofieff was able to UNK his musical talents and harvest a rich reward from them .
a UNK UNK of our National UNK ( The UNK UNK ) ; ;
symphony orchestras , opera and ballet companies ; ;
April 10 marked a memorable date in New York's musical history -- indeed in the musical history of the entire eastern United States .
UNK -- no ! !
For me , these will belong more completely to their surroundings if they are conceived in this early stage , though I freely admit that I do not hesitate to add or eliminate figures on the full sheet when it serves my final purpose .
`` If I have seemed to emphasize the structure of the composition , I mean to project equal concern for color .
Often , in working out-of-doors under all conditions of light and atmosphere , a particular passage that looked favorable in relation to the subject will be too bright , too dull , or too light , or too dark when viewed indoors in a mat .
`` When working from one of my sketches I square it up and project its linear form UNK to the watercolor sheet with charcoal .
When this linear draft is completed , I dust it down to a faint image .
However , first I thoughtfully study my sketch for improvement of color and design along the lines I have described .
`` My usual palette consists of UNK colors : UNK crimson , orange , raw UNK , raw umber , burnt UNK , UNK , UNK blue , UNK blue , French UNK blue , UNK green , UNK green 2 , UNK yellow pale , yellow UNK , UNK gray , charcoal gray , UNK gray , and ivory black '' .
Long observation has taught Mason that most landscape can be reduced to three essential planes : a UNK in sharp focus -- either a light area with dark accents or a dark one with lights ; ;
When I looked up the actual date of his birth and found it to be March 15th , I realized that Roy was born under the right UNK sign for a UNK : the water sign of UNK ( February 18 thru March 20 ) .
and others in Buffalo , New York , UNK , New Haven , UNK , UNK , and most recently , the $300 prize for a watercolor at the UNK Beach Art Association ,
After all , we did pretty well in some other areas of the UNK competition .
It is more than just lack of dance training that is our problem , for just as gymnastics can learn from dance , dance has some very important things to learn from gymnastics .
The UNK must develop strength , flexibility , coordination , timing , rhythm , courage , discipline , persistence and the desire for perfection .
Certainly there would be less anxiety , fewer accidents ( it is the clumsy child who UNK the worst injuries ) , and higher scholastic averages , since alert children work better .
We could scarcely find eighty in our great land of over 180 million people .
UNK to the standing position .
Have the class lie prone .
The last essential to the UNK gymnastic program is the UNK , or forward roll .
It is very important for parents to understand that early training is imperative .
UNK microscopy
The original UNK primarily indicates irregularities in the UNK , but today's techniques allow exact measurements of the flow of blood through the UNK , UNK of the heart and its chambers , and a much more detailed study of each UNK .
In this novel arrangement the `` pill '' is much smaller and contains only a UNK circuit in which the UNK is formed by a UNK transducer .
One of the most UNK applications of an important technique of submarine detection is in the exploration of the human body .
UNK methods of UNK , scanning , and displaying these sound waves are used to detect submarines , map ocean floors , and even communicate under water .
A typical `` UNK '' of a human eye , together with a description of the anatomical parts , is shown in Fig. 5 .
A cross-section of a normal lower human leg is shown in Fig. 8 with the various parts labeled .
The two older boys , Hans and UNK , his junior by a year , therefore went daily to the home of a warm and friendly UNK nearby for instruction in German ; ;
they read every book that they could borrow in the village .
The brothers continued to help each other during their studies , sharing a joint purse , UNK together in the UNK and dining together at the home of their aunt .
In this third year at the university , Hans , in UNK , was awarded the first important token of recognition , a gold UNK for his essay on `` UNK Of UNK And UNK '' .
UNK of scientific activity
He was stirred by the announcement of UNK discovery of chemical electricity and he immediately applied the voltaic pile to experiments with acids and UNK .
However , he continued experimenting and UNK , publishing the results of his experiments in German and Danish UNK .
His friends were numerous and their ties to him were strong .
The years 1812 and UNK saw him in Germany and France again , but on this visit to Berlin he did not seek out the philosophers as he had on his first journey .
Discovery of UNK
Here's your feed UNK guide for UNK :
Milk production may be increased by the UNK properties of this drug .
-- To increase rate of gain and improve feed efficiency , feed 75 milligrams per head in daily supplement .
As an aid in the prevention of bacterial diarrhea ( scours ) , feed 50 grams per ton of complete feed .
To reduce incidence of liver UNK , supply 75 milligrams of UNK activity per head daily .
For the prevention or treatment of the early stages of shipping fever complex , increase feeding level to 0.5 to 2 grams per head per day .
UNK
Drug's chemical name :
-- UNK in a complete ration or UNK to 0.4 gram per head per day ( 200 grams of UNK per ton complete ration or equivalent .
UNK rate of gain and improves feed efficiency .
-- The recommended level for sheep is 2 milligrams daily , and this level should be maintained .
UNK UNK 48 hours before slaughter .
UNK hydrochloride .
Drug's chemical name :
UNK controls cattle UNK which damage hides and can reduce gains .
How to feed :
Do not feed to dairy cows and do not feed within 60 days of slaughter .
What it does :
For prevention of UNK bloat , feed at a rate of 0.5 to 2 milligrams per head per day in mineral or salt or feed .
What it does :
Drug's chemical name :
Drug's chemical name :
How to feed :
UNK should not be fed 72 hours before animals are UNK .
UNK eat only from one side , so the UNK bunk must be twice as long as the mechanical bunk .
Here are some key areas to examine to make sure your UNK strategy will be on target :
UNK UNK choices for customers .
Have you considered the implications of continuing UNK shifts in terms of sales force allocation , strength of distributor organizations , and even plant location ? ?
As mass dealer and distributor organizations grow in size , there is every reason to expect them to try to share in the manufacturer's as well as the UNK profits -- which is , in effect , what the sale of private brands tends to do .
If you have a UNK product , how can you make it stand out -- justify its premium price -- without the spoken word ? ?
`` UNK selling '' -- concentrating sales on the larger accounts -- has been used effectively by some manufacturers .
Will your trade customers settle for less attention and fewer UNK in return for some benefit they can share ? ?
As a result , distribution costs were cut , customer relations improved .
If competition beats you to it , this exciting new product era can have real headaches in store .
On the other hand , the process of UNK an old product and introducing the new one is usually mighty expensive .
and translate the whole into profit and loss and balance sheet figures which management can act on with some assurance ? ?
In the future , quantitative demand will be greater because of the expansion of the economy , and the qualitative need will be greater still .
Nor has the training been enough in relation to the need .
The growth of business has UNK the available supply , and the demand will continue to exceed the supply in the sixties .
They have to be .
as in a recent design competition with a floor plan and the simple command -- `` design a luxury apartment '' ; ;
Instead they learn their UNK on the UNK of plants .
Fortunately , although only a few years ago they held the student at arms length , today the business houses welcome the opportunity to aid the student , not only from an increased sense of community responsibility but also from the realization that the student of today is the interior designer of tomorrow -- that the student already is `` in the trade '' .
The largest of these organizations at present denies to the full time educator any vote on the conduct and standards of the group and , indeed , UNK him even the right to attach the customary UNK after his name in the college UNK .
When these groups were first formed many prominent and accomplished UNK could not have had the advantage of school training since interior design courses were rare and undeveloped during their youth .
Long hard years of `` on the job '' training had brought them to their competence .
No one can deny that these `` back door '' UNK to membership provisions have been seriously UNK nor that they have not resulted in the admission of downright UNK to membership in supposedly learned societies .
At the end of its letter was the information that applicants for this position `` must also be prepared to teach costume design and advertising art '' .
The proper correlation of the art with the academic can be achieved only if this standard is observed .
Are you careful to restrict the number of people on leave at one time so that your total employment obligation is minimized ? ?
UNK feeding facilities
Have you considered using vending equipment to replace or reduce the number of cafeteria employees ? ?
Are there possibilities of having cafeteria help work part-time on UNK or other jobs ? ?
Can staggered lunch periods relieve the capacity strain on your feeding facilities ? ?
Would it be feasible to limit the menu in order to reduce feeding costs ? ?
Can part-time drivers be assigned to other productive work ? ?
UNK to balance your employee benefit package .
UNK
If you want credit for your employee services program , let your workers know what they're entitled to .
Thus , there is an added incentive to stay on the job .
But with all the changes in philosophy , dress and terrain -- a few things remain constant , including the devotion of Americans to the great field sports , hunting and fishing .
And millions of rounds of entirely new and modern UNK ammunition , designed for today's hunting and target shooting .
The shooting development program of the UNK Arms and UNK UNK Institute has successfully published these facts in all major outdoor magazines , many national UNK and the trade papers .
Other pilot programs were conducted by A & S , UNK , New York ; ;
Joseph UNK , Pittsburgh .
Would you like to organize UNK UNK Clubs , shooting programs , and have information on seasons including six months of hunting with unlimited game bags on shooting preserves ? ?
This beach UNK with no trees or hills presents a constant camping show with all manner of equipment in actual use .
UNK around camp we saw all kinds of camp UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK , games , fishing tackle , UNK and UNK .
More campers than UNK
The U.S. Forest Service cares for hundreds of thousands of campers in its UNK National Forests and is increasing its facilities steadily .
The American Automobile Association , computing the cost for two people to vacation by automobile , comes up with an average daily expenditure figure of UNK .
The UNK then UNK it down this way : UNK for meals , UNK for UNK , UNK for gas and oil , and $2 for tips and miscellaneous .
And even if they stay in UNK part of the time , they might , if the right salesman gets them in UNK , develop a yearning to UNK the usual vacation fare with a camping trip into the wide open spaces .
But there is still the sometimes complex problem of helping campers choose the best equipment for their individual needs .
Throughout history , the man who showed superior performance has become the commander of others -- for good or bad .
Since the Industrial Revolution , when factories emerged , this classical pattern has been followed .
All grades of management seek more UNK titles and UNK because of social pressures .
What can be done for the `` individual UNK '' who is extremely important -- and likely to be more so -- in the operation of the technically oriented company ? ?
He is usually conscious of the social pressures at home and outside ; ;
Several other examples : central and satellite
Another structure
`` A serious problem accompanying the UNK approach is the difficulty of clearly defining responsibilities and standards of performance for each level .
UNK is too often based on UNK and time in salary grade instead of merit .
The salary schedule permits UNK greater than the average paid to the first level of engineering supervision ( engineering section head ) .
UNK is given to the award of patents to our engineers and financial support is provided for individual membership in technical societies .
The earlier New Haven development was public housing , so it easily leaped over the problems met in a private venture .
In other words , the whole storage and UNK system does not belong to the UNK nor to the town but rather to Tri-State .
He must undertake complete UNK of the UNK equipment to assure fine heating .
UNK considerations
The meter is mounted high on the basement wall .
Its figures are a half inch high and very easy to read , even into tenth UNK .
He believes that this is a sound approach to gas competition in builder developments where gas is available .
Future plans
Then fill the system and add a rust UNK .
The fact is that removing and leaving out a thermostat from any water cooled vehicle , will greatly increase the fuel consumption , reduce power and contribute to spark plug UNK due to an accumulation of excessive carbon deposits on the UNK .
Be careful that you keep adequate coverage , but look for places to save money .
First go over the type of coverage you now have .
Many of today's developments in UNK stem from original work done with signs and displays ; ;
According to a recent Wall Street Journal survey , plastics units now account for more than 50% of all sign sales .
What plastics to use ? ?
)
UNK acetate butyrate is used extensively for UNK signs , background panels , and molded or formed letters because of its exceptional toughness , ease of forming , and excellent UNK properties .
The final choice of material depends upon such factors as costs , method of fabrication , degree of complexity , number of units required , time available for UNK , and projected life expectancy of the unit .
It is believed that these boards will , within the next few years , replace many of the conventional UNK boards now in use .
UNK panels , each slightly more than 1-1/2 ft. wide , make up the UNK length of the sign .
Frequently , the message must be changed at intervals to feature new products , price changes , etc. .
The background , which is available in various UNK and continuous lengths , is extruded with parallel UNK UNK which grip the flexible letters securely .
On UNK units , where additional structural requirements are imposed , one recent approach utilizes UNK extruded or formed channels ( e.g. UNK UNK ) of the acrylic or butyrate .
Letters may be wired to the face of the combined channels , painted on the first surface , or handled in other ways .
Don't build from the outside in -- try to build from the inside out
position your components before you close them in .
UNK your bathtub before you close in the end of the bathroom .
There is no better way to waste time than trying to install a furnace in a finished Af closet .
that way you may pay more to UNK the window into place than you paid for the window .
You can save all that UNK time if you set your windows in one , two , three order -- first the stud on one side , then the window , then the stud on the other side .
2 .
It makes materials handling the only construction cost that ( like UNK and UNK ) should be lower today than in 1929 .
only one box car in eight has the wide doors needed for unit loads ; ;
3 .
later came a 1961 cut on the West Coast ( still pending elsewhere ) of UNK on UNK UNK UNK ( which works out to more than UNK on that portion of the load in excess of UNK lb .
So manufacturers have UNK a new type of vehicle -- the UNK carrier .
Reports Jim UNK : `` By studying men on the job , we found that two men -- a UNK and a helper -- can lay a floor faster than three .
We found that three men -- two UNK and a helper -- can put up wall panels or UNK more economically than four men -- because four men don't make two teams ; ;
Green UNK cost about UNK ; ;
Following a guide , and UNK so , is an excellent way to see all the important places when everything is strange and new .
However , after you've seen all the historical UNK and UNK , the places and UNK , the churches and museums , the palaces and UNK , and begin to feel at home in the capitals of Europe , you'll want to change your course and follow the UNK at will , far from the market places .
You can UNK history and follow , in fancy , the UNK in their quest for the Holy UNK as they sail out from UNK , an ancient town in the heel of UNK boot .
An almost UNK way to set forth on such adventures is just to put yourself behind the wheel of a car and head for the open road .
For those who need or want and can afford another car , buying one and driving it on the grand tour , then shipping it home , is one popular plan for a do-it-yourself pilgrimage .
The answer to this UNK is to pick up a telephone and arrange to rent one .
The disadvantages to this method are that you may not have as great a choice of models readily available or you may have to wait a few days or , during the busy tourist season , when cars are in great demand , you might find it fairly difficult to get a car at all .
At some cities , this UNK and delivery service is without additional charge , and , if you are UNK , when you are planning your UNK , you will take advantage of these free delivery and collection stations in major cities within the larger European countries .
The investigation will be well worth your time .
All model cars are not available in all countries .
For one thing , the driver usually sees less and has less fun than his passengers since it becomes pretty necessary for him to keep at least one eye on the road .
UNK : The people involved ( and subsequent facts bear me out here ) knew clearly the relative values of peanuts and emeralds , both monetary and sentimental .
The point -- quite simply -- is this : words they might have had ; ;
In the early 1950's , Smith , together with his distinguished colleague , George UNK ( so UNK academic he sometimes fights his own evident charm ) , and a third man with the engaging name of UNK ( Ray ) , agreed on some basic premises about the UNK process that makes communication : ( 1 ) words or language ( 2 ) UNK , a set of phenomena including laughing , weeping , voice breaks , and `` tone '' of voice , and ( 3 ) UNK , the technical name for gestures , UNK expressions , and body shifts -- nodding or shaking the head , `` talking '' with one's hands , et cetera .
The usual U.S. norm would be : Af Middle pitches , slight pause ( UNK ) before mother , slight rise at the end .
He may then very well conclude that `` everybody '' is probably not the true target of her resentment .
She says later , but still within the opening five minutes , `` I keep thinking of a divorce but that's another emotional death '' .
so are certain signals that she does not accept divorce .
almost everyone , on first hearing one of his own sessions on tape , expressed some desire to take the whole thing over again .
Naturally , the patient does not say , `` I hate my father '' , or `` UNK rivalry is what bugs me '' .
( This patient , in actuality , was a UNK who had almost come to the point of accepting the fact that it was not her UNK but her psyche that was the cause of her difficulty .
UNK was paramount .
`` For three days now a German reconnaissance plane has been over the city taking pictures .
A British officer had come aboard and told him that in case of enemy air attack he was not to open fire until bombs were actually dropped .
`` It's up to you to protect yourselves .
Not fire until the bombs came down ! !
Like hell ! !
UNK Vesole decided that he would not UNK until he heard the whispering of the bombs , and when night began to fall , he put UNK UNK Donald L. Norton and UNK UNK William A. UNK on the guns and told them to start shooting the moment they saw an enemy UNK .
The night was so clear that Richardson had no difficulty making out the UNK .
It was `` window '' -- the UNK paper dropped by bombers to jam radar sets , to fill the scope with hundreds of UNK that would seem to be approaching bombers .
They had come from UNK in the UNK , these UNK UNK UNK .
This experience will have happened to many of you .
Most psychiatrists dismiss these instances of that weird feeling as the deja vue ( already seen ) illusion , just as they dismiss dream UNK as UNK .
At that moment UNK was UNK with UNK amazement , suddenly recalling that these identical details of scene , action and word had occurred to him in a dream six weeks earlier .
I recall the startling , vivid realism of a dream in which I lived through the horror of the bombing of a little Korean town .
UNK may deny the more startling phenomena of dreams as things they have never personally observed , but failure to wonder at their basic mystery is outright avoidance of routine evidence .
But why is it necessary to reproduce the UNK image within the brain ? ?
As a matter of fact , the UNK classification , the result of many weeks of labor by Dr. UNK , was about to be published by him the following day .
After the preliminary business affair was finished Depew arose and delivered the convincing speech that UNK the nomination for Roosevelt .
But the famous orator felt more than vague recognition for the scene .
The concept of good nutrition really began with the garden .
`` Louis UNK writings excited me as a UNK '' .
The basis for compost materials already existed on the school farm with a stable of animals for the riding program , poultry for eggs , pigs to eat garbage , a beef herd and wastes of all kinds .
`` You can't make French toast with whole-wheat bread '' , was an early complaint .
Finding sources for these high quality foods is a problem .
The source is known so there is no necessity to remove UNK UNK .
Since Mr. Clark believes firmly that the chewing of hard foods helps develop healthy UNK and teeth , raw vegetables and raw whole-wheat grains are handed out with fresh fruit and whole-wheat cookies at snack time in the afternoons .
UNK children
And once medicine , food , clothing and shelter had been provided for the UNK victims , communications and the mail were the next top problems .
During the excitement following UNK flight to Paris earlier in 1927 , dare devil UNK overnight became legendary heroes .
As a matter of fact , Fogg and his plane didn't get beyond Pennsylvania in the race -- an engine oil UNK forced him down -- but the flying service and school he started subsequently were first steps in paying off his UNK backers .
His work began just six days after the flood .
And besides you seem to make it all right here '' .
With a wary eye on the farmer's bull , Fred Somers of Montpelier and Mr. St. John marked the field with a red table cloth .
Day after day Fogg UNK back and forth on his one-man air mail route , until the farmers in their snowy UNK and the road UNK came to recognize the UNK plane as their link with the rest of the country .
At Fort UNK Allen the ever-present wind off Lake UNK could readily UNK a puny man-made thing like an airplane if the pilot UNK .
How am I going to live ? ?
Everything must balance to the last penny .
Actually , you can take no special credit for this .
What's happened ? ?
You may UNK yourself and acquire a real UNK for it .
Does making your own clothes or even doll clothes , interest you ? ?
Some women can sit and sew , UNK , UNK or knit by the hour , and look calm and relaxed and turn out beautiful work .
But , it could happen , and it may happen to you .
How about a rock collection , or a collection of leaves from different trees or shrubs and in different colors ? ?
As for me , I am holding in reserve two huge UNK ( I love UNK ) to put together when time UNK heavy on my hands .
So in closing , fellow retired members , I advise you to make the most of each day , enjoy each one to the UNK degree .
An animal , bird or insect creates either a UNK , or nest or UNK in UNK UNK according to UNK .
It has been truly said that anything man can imagine he can produce or create by projecting this inner image into its counterpart in the objective world .
It is in this one aspect , at least , that man seems to be made in the image of his Creator .
First intercourse for the bride brings with it the various problems connected with UNK and the hymen .
( UNK , in fact , is the Greek word for membrane .
As a natural UNK of this approach it was often suggested that the doctor should complete the preparation for UNK intercourse by UNK the vagina .
Under the excitement of UNK and sexual stimulation the vagina UNK and UNK and the local moisture greatly increases , providing an excellent UNK to help achieve an easier penetration .
Such talk is seriously in error .
The necessity for keeping alert to his UNK hazards can act as an interference with the man's spontaneous desire .
Or the frequent need to check and discipline himself to the UNK pace of the UNK can put him off stride and make it impossible for him to be continuously ready for penetration over a long period .
The equally ardent UNK of freedom from any kind of censorship may find the nude human form the `` natural , honest , free expression of man's spirit and the UNK of beauty and inspiration '' .
One is always a little surprised to bump into such individual distinctions when it is unexpected .
In the past , it has been the husband who has been dominant and the wife passive .
But today there are signs that these roles are being reversed .
And she begins to regard him as savage , UNK and unworthy .
In one extreme case , cited by a Pittsburgh psychologist , an office UNK wife refused to have sexual relations with her husband unless he bought her the UNK she demanded .
After every money argument , she UNK her husband's UNK until the matter was settled in her favor .
She knows the power of the sex urge and how to use it to UNK her husband .
One such man once confided to Dr. UNK UNK , New York UNK , that he preferred to have his wife the sexual UNK .
She liked this taste of authority and independence , and , with darkness , was not likely to give it up .
UNK manuals and women's magazine articles began to stress the importance of the female climax .
Often she fails to gain sexual satisfaction '' .
Or a wife may make sudden demands that she be UNK , flattered or UNK , simply because she needs her ego lifted .
In the spring and early summer of that year she met a wealthy foreign UNK who took her to France , where she later met a very wealthy man and UNK all Europe with him .
`` Our information is that she gave the proceeds of her acts to Jelke '' .
Diane UNK denied this to the court .
`` That's a lie .
`` Diane is the type of girl '' , Jelke said , `` who wouldn't get loving -- even on her wedding night -- unless you piled up all your money in the middle of the floor '' .
She quickly moved into cafe society , possibly UNK her conscience by talking constantly of her desire to be in show business .
The UNK was held a few minutes later in somebody's apartment .
UNK than most gamblers , she slipped away from the UNK , packed her bag and took the night train to Paris .
No one ever learned what happened to the Greek .
`` You can't do this to us '' , Diane screamed .
They also called upon Diane with a request for a look at her passport .
) He knew just the thing for her -- a treatment from his `` cosmic light UNK generator '' machine .
Did she know , he asked , why the colors of the tubes were important to people's health ? ?
The human body -- he pointed out , for example -- required 33 units of blue light .
For that reason , he informed her , the Lord made the sky blue .
Lee renewed his pressure on Mrs. Shaefer to buy his machine when she visited him the next day .
His UNK is therefore far higher -- running into hundreds of millions .
UNK believe that many of the Doctor UNK using these false health gadgets are still in business .
Look at the sums paid by two device quack victims in Cleveland .
Sarah Gross , a dress shop proprietor , paid UNK to a UNK , and Mr. A. , a laborer , paid UNK to a UNK for treatment with two fake health machines -- the `` UNK '' and the `` UNK '' .
By UNK on the sick , by playing UNK on the hopes of the desperate , by causing the UNK to delay proper medical care , these medical UNK create pain and misery by their very activity .
Yes , Tom caught it in time to stay alive .
Carroll UNK Mrs. UNK by taking a drop of blood from her ear and putting it on his `` UNK '' machine and twirling some UNK ( fee $50 ) .
( Small wonder a UNK jury awarded the husband UNK for his wife's death .
`` Unfortunately '' , says Chief UNK Inspector David H. Stephens , who has UNK many device quacks , `` the UNK who trade on the hopes of the desperately ill often cannot be successfully UNK because the patients who are the chief witnesses die before the case is called up in court '' .
They are often ignorant as well as UNK .
During the year that followed , Dick UNK UNK with the dentist and was delighted with the final result achieved -- an upper row of strong straight teeth that completely changed his UNK appearance .
UNK is the UNK expression for the way teeth fit together when the jaws are closed .
A noticeable UNK of the upper or lower jaw .
Contrary to the thinking of 30 to 40 years ago , when all malocclusion was blamed on some unfortunate habit , recent studies show that most tooth UNK has at least its beginning in UNK predisposition .
Parents are often concerned that orthodontic appliances may cause teeth to decay .
Usually this is a thin band of wire attached to the UNK and stretching across the teeth .
The reason ? ?
Most UNK require an initial payment to cover the cost of diagnostic materials and construction of the appliances , but usually the remainder of the cost may be spread over a period of months or years .
In many cities in the United States UNK associated with dental schools will take patients at a nominal fee .
growth studies have been carried on consistently by UNK .
Now a dentist can recommend UNK immediately .
In other cases , in view of present-day knowledge of head growth , UNK will recommend waiting four or five years before treatment .
The child is kept on call , and the orthodontist watches the growth .
For this was to be a `` proxy sitting '' .
Here again laboratory approaches are being evolved , for it is recognized how `` elastic '' these readings can be , how they can apply to many people , and are often stated in general terms all too easily applied to any individual's own case .
to another , it seems that nobody but his father ever used the phrase , `` UNK boy '' ! !
If he is not told which of four or five readings was meant for him , he can more readily assess each item in a larger frame : `` Does that statement really sound as if it were for me , significant in my particular life ? ?
That is , if he marks as most correct a reading not meant for him , the total experimental score falls .
Conversely , if he gives a heavy rating to his own reading , and finds more accurate facts in it than in the others , a point is UNK up for the intrinsic , objective UNK of this type of UNK material .
Does she often speak of locations , of cause of death ? ?
Maybe an entire scene comes into consciousness , with action and motion , or a static view : `` a house under a pine tree , with a little stone path going up to the door '' .
Even in normal experience one gets impressions without knowing exactly how -- of atmosphere , of one another's personalities , moods , intentions .
UNK often appear in a symbolic form and cannot be taken at face value .
Even if there are no livestock , the farmer cannot leave the farm for long periods , particularly during the growing season .
Land within commuting distance of a growing city is usually high in price , higher if it has subdivision possibilities .
It will frequently be UNK for him to own the most UNK equipment .
This may be true whether the farm is owned or rented .
If the farm is rented , the rent must be paid .
UNK for a calf , a pig , or some chickens develops in children a sense of responsibility for work .
Land , labor , and equipment needed
For larger UNK , you'll need some kind of power for plowing , UNK , UNK , and UNK .
UNK below are some of the main things to look for when you select a part-time farm .
The presence of alternative job opportunities also will make the place easier to sell if that should become desirable .
If you plan to sell fresh vegetables or whole milk , for example , you should be close to a town or city .
Look for a farm in a neighborhood of UNK homes .
Few rural areas are protected by zoning .
--
Check on the schools in the area , the quality of teaching , and the provision for transportation to and from them .
You may have to provide them yourself or get along without them .
If you can't tell , get help from your county agricultural agent or other local specialist .
For almost two months , the defendant and the world heard from individuals escaped from the grave about fathers and mothers , UNK , UNK , babies , UNK , beaten to death , strangled , UNK , UNK , burned .
in the United States the initiation of militant UNK , with the UNK UNK in the UNK .
If anti-Semitism was on trial in Jerusalem , why was it not identified , and with enough emphasis to capture the notice of the world press , in its connection with the activities of Eichmann's Department of Jewish Affairs , as UNK by the betrayal and murder of Jews by UNK and UNK UNK in Germany , as well as in Poland , Czechoslovakia , Hungary ? ?
The measures for annihilation proposed and accepted at the Conference affected industry , transportation , civilian agencies of government .
clinging to the UNK idea , he is forced to overcome habits of politeness and UNK ; ;
once in power he begins to give vent to a criminal UNK that causes him to alternate between UNK and envy of those above him .
Three agreed , but four declined and were suspended .
These are substantially the same factors considered by UNK in family planning .
Thus , man can readily UNK that the primary objective end of the UNK act is UNK , the propagation of the race .
Moreover , man may not UNK or UNK the physical arrangements established by God , who through the law of rhythm has provided a natural method for the control of conception .
Let it be granted then that the theological differences in this area between Protestants and Roman Catholics appear to be UNK .
Since then , many Protestant denominations have made separate UNK , in which they not only approved birth control , but declared it at times to be a religious duty .
The general board declared : `` Most of the Protestant churches hold contraception and periodic UNK to be morally right when the motives are right .
This brings us to the fact that the realities we are dealing with lie not in the field of civil legislation , but in the realm of conscience and religion : They are moral judgments and matters of theological belief .
What happened to the fourteen missing men ? ?
Not enough to do away with all doubts , but sufficient to give a fairly accurate picture of the events of the voyage .
Nearly twenty-five years before , Captain John Davis had noted , as he sailed near the Arctic UNK , `` a very great gulf , the water whirling and roaring , as it were the meeting of tides '' .
UNK were perilous , UNK waters .
Philip UNK , the ship's UNK , was a good worker , but UNK independent .
And he refused to be anything else .
He was a UNK , married , with three sons .
Hudson's first error of the fourth voyage occurred only a few miles down the UNK .
The subsequent UNK wait made the crew UNK .
For weeks he had been saying that Hudson's idea of sailing through to UNK was absurd .
When Hudson had finished , the `` town meeting '' broke down into a general , UNK argument .
On August 3 , two massive UNK reared out of the UNK -- great UNK never before , so far as Hudson knew , seen by Europeans .
To UNK was a UNK a thousand feet high , patched with ice and snow , populated by thousands of screaming sea birds .
UNK of miles to the north , the route back to England through the `` UNK UNK '' was again filling with ice .
Juet demanded that Hudson prove his charges in an open trial .
Others added that Juet had wanted to turn the ship UNK .
Here they built huts and a stockade named Fort Daer after Selkirk's UNK in Scotland .
The new site was somewhat warmer than Fort Douglas and much closer to the great herds of buffalo on which the settlement must depend for food .
On Big Stone Lake near the headwaters of the Red River , Robert UNK , UNK of the Western Indian Department of Canada , had a trading post and planned in UNK to build a fort to be defended by twenty men and two small artillery pieces .
It was UNK who suggested to Lord Selkirk that he return to the Atlantic coast by way of the United States .
This traffic , he declared UNK , `` UNK it might be of small account at first , would increase with the progress of our UNK .
The route which he had traveled and which he believed might develop into a trade route was followed by his settlers earlier than he might have expected .
As the time drew near for the drawing of the UNK frontier by terms of the agreement of UNK , the company suspected that the Pembina colony -- its own post and Fort Daer -- was on American territory .
After heavy rains and an UNK of mice , snow fell on October 15 , UNK , and remained on the ground through a winter so cold that the ice on the Red was five feet thick .
Despite this UNK , by 1844 some of the Fort Garry merchants were trading with the Indians for furs .
With their customary source of supply cut off , the Fort Garry free traders engaged three men to cart goods to them from the Mississippi country .
I don't feel much like a UNK man but I never UNK it UNK as to court UNK other lady but if I should you must forgive me as I am so UNK '' .
if they should bite before I wake , I pray the Lord their jaws to break '' .
Charles UNK , a splendid Georgia soldier , differed from most of his comrades in the ranks in that he was the owner of a large plantation , UNK , and nearly fifty years of age .
Near the end of his service he wrote that when the war was over he was going to buy two UNK , name one of them `` UNK '' and the other `` UNK '' , and then shoot them both , `` and that will be the end of UNK and UNK '' .
The soldiers who comprised the rank and file of the Civil War armies were an earthy people .
Johnny Rebs from the deep South who were plagued with UNK after transfer to the Virginia front often informed their families that they were suffering from the `` the Virginia UNK '' .
Sometimes soldiers wrote letters while bullets were UNK about their heads .
A Yank writing from UNK , May 28 , UNK , stated : `` not less than 50 balls have passed over me since I UNK writing .
Similar comments about officers are to be found in the letters of Northern soldiers .
A Massachusetts soldier , who seems to have been a Civil War version of Bill UNK , wrote : `` the officers consider themselves as made of a different material from the low fellows in the ranks .
UNK UNK George Washington became the symbol of honesty and the father image of the UNK States .
he UNK folklore for the very `` field and stream '' reasons that many persons hunt game ; ;
When the writer uses material does he UNK with it to improve its commercial effect or does he leave it pure ? ?
When he gets the answers to his questions he will be discouraged .
This has not , however , prevented publishers from UNK him a `` folk poet '' , simply because he is a rural one .
As part of the same arrangement , Torrio had , in the spirit of peace and good will , and in exchange for armed support in the April election campaign , bestowed upon O'Banion a third share in the Hawthorne UNK Shop proceeds and a cut in the Cicero beer trade .
the jury wanted better evidence than that and he was UNK , at a cost of UNK in UNK , it was estimated .
He was also personally active in ward politics , and by 1924 O'Banion had acquired sufficient political might to be able to state : `` I always deliver my UNK as per requirements '' .
Then O'Banion was presented with a platinum watch set with UNK and diamonds .
This further demonstration of O'Banion's UNK power did not please Torrio and Capone .
O'Banion drew his guns and fired at Dave , severely UNK him in the stomach .
One of the UNK telephoned O'Banion -- on a line tapped by the detective bureau -- and reported the situation .
Upon which the detective bureau UNK rifle UNK to prevent trouble if O'Banion should send his UNK out to deal with the UNK policemen .
But Torrio and Capone had UNK cause to hate and distrust the UNK .
UNK are so shallow in comparison with their length that in the open ocean they are hardly detectable .
Not until they sailed home at the end of the day , through a sea strewn with bodies and the UNK of houses , were they aware of what had happened .
The third and fourth waves seemed to be the highest .
UNK fishermen hauled them in by the thousands .
The moment the alarm goes off , information is immediately UNK to Honolulu , which is the center of the warning system .
By means of charts showing UNK times and depths in the ocean at various locations , it is possible to estimate the rate of approach and probable time of arrival at Hawaii of a tsunami getting under way at any spot in the Pacific .
Since the 1946 disaster there have been 15 tsunami in the Pacific , but only one was of any consequence .
Within about an hour with the help of reports from UNK stations in Alaska , Arizona and California , the UNK UNK was placed at UNK degrees North latitude and UNK degrees East UNK .
But it is plain that a warning system , however efficient , is not enough .
The land , too , is changing , and earthquakes are daily UNK of this .
We have learned from earthquakes much of what we now know about the earth's interior , for they send waves through the earth which emerge with information about the materials through which they have traveled .
Two UNK mysteries are based on these facts .
Undoubtedly none of the residents realize the influence their town has had on American military history , or the deeds of UNK that have been done in its name .
Today a battle cry may seem an UNK , for in the modern Army , esprit de corps has been UNK to organizational charts and tables .
Instead Sergeant Early was quiet , sharp and confident .
It was the 7th Cavalry whose UNK were charged with guarding the Imperial Palace of the Emperor .
The final proof was a small incident .
Even the mess sergeant , Bill Brown , a dapper , UNK transfer from an airborne division , went out on the range .
Another force UNK the company and took up a position on a hill to the rear .
Chandler , looking to right and left to see how his men were UNK , suddenly saw another figure UNK up the hill , hurling grenades and UNK the battle cry as he ran .
It was Bob Carroll , who had suddenly found himself UNK with the spirit of Garryowen .
UNK UNK came pouring down , seeking a soft spot .
Then they let out a UNK of anguish and rage and , cursing , screaming and UNK `` Garryowen '' ! !
and because Communists have the will and , as long as Soviet power remains intact , the capacity to prevent their realization .
but if providing higher standards of living gets in the way of producing sufficient guns to resist Communist aggression , then material sacrifices and UNK will have to be made .
The uses of power
This much having been said , the question remains whether we have the resources for the job we have to do -- defeat Communism -- and , if so , how those resources ought to be used .
The other charge was that America's political position in the world has progressively deteriorated in recent years .
But contrary to what was implied during the campaign , prestige is surely not important for its own sake .
To the extent , then , that declining U.S. prestige means that other nations will be tempted to place their UNK on an ultimate American defeat , and will thus be more vulnerable to Soviet intimidation , there is reason for concern .
In answering these questions , we need to ask not merely whether Communist troops have crossed over into territories they did not occupy before , and not merely whether disciplined agents of the UNK are in control of governments from which they were formerly excluded : the success of UNK war against the West does not depend on such spectacular and definitive UNK .
To UNK the particulars of recent Soviet successes is hardly reassuring .
In the Middle East , UNK , UNK and Egypt were , a short while ago , in the Western camp .
Had the UNK Pathet Lao finally come this far ? ?
The UNK was successful , too , for just before the moon disappeared , the frightened UNK had begun to spit it out again , which meant good luck all around .
A restaurant posted a reminder to patrons `` who became excited and left without paying their checks '' .
UNK had UNK the defense ministry and set fire to the American Embassy next door .
This damage had been done in the battle of Vientiane , fought less than three months earlier when four successive governments had ruled here in three days ( December UNK , 1960 ) .
The Pathet Lao forces held two northern provinces and openly took the offensive in three more .
yet they include peoples as different from one another as UNK are from UNK .
UNK , UNK girls at the loom in harmony with the UNK by the UNK .
Even if it did not , how would this little world of gentle people cope with its new reality of grenades and UNK guns ? ?
and myself .
UNK keep souls in place
Now a distinguished old man called on nine UNK to come and join us .
It had a UNK hole as big as a silver dollar .
`` I like the tradition '' , a girl said .
The Jewish working girl almost invariably works in an office -- in UNK to gentile factory workers -- and , UNK by a respectable income , she is likely to dress better and live more UNK than the college student .
Most Jewish mothers are determined to exercise UNK over the social and sexual lives of their daughters by keeping them home .
UNK and black eyes were relieved by application of raw UNK .
Many people agreed that burns should be treated with UNK oily UNK or UNK butter or UNK , but one UNK told me that a burn should be bathed in salt water ; ;
when it was cool , the fat was skimmed off and UNK .
The results were good , but which treatment helped is still not known .
this would stop the flow and also prevent infection .
Old UNK could be healed by the constant application of a wash made of equal parts vinegar and water .
At times pioneer children got UNK in their hair .
A kerosene UNK seems a heroic treatment , but it did the job .
UNK was treated by putting the feet and hands in ice water or by rubbing them with snow .
Now one hears that heat and hot water are used instead .
A German UNK gave me a sure cure made by combining UNK flour and UNK into a UNK .
The UNK UNK are expensive , and even UNK UNK tire of them .
Now the drinking of wine ( and happily so ! !
A really good wine waiter is , paradoxically , the UNK ( and not the UNK ) of his cellar against the UNK .
The one way to get around them -- short of knowing exactly what one wants and sticking to it -- is to frequent a single establishment until its wine waiter is persuaded that one is at least as interested in wine as in spending money .
No one should wish to deny these UNK the obvious pleasure they derive from all this , and to give fair warning where warning is due , no one who becomes fond of wines ever UNK acquiring some degree of UNK ! !
Very old red wines often require several hours of aeration , and any red wine , brought from the cellar within half an hour of UNK , should be UNK and allowed some air .
A few red wines , notably those of the UNK , are better consumed at cellar temperature .
By tradition , a red wine should be served at approximately room temperature -- if anything a little cooler -- and be aged enough for the UNK and acids to have worked out and the UNK have settled well .
very old red wine is often UNK so that the UNK , bitter elements which have settled to the bottom will not be mingled with the wine itself .
Another school UNK on such a UNK , and insists that after leaving the bin an old red wine should first stand on end for several days to allow the UNK to roll to the very bottom , after which the bottle may be gently eased to a tilted position on its side in the cradle .
UNK old wine UNK it fully ; ;
the average UNK is notably UNK than its opposite number , red Burgundy .
and UNK may be .
William , who lived in neighboring St. Mary's parish , had taken charge and decided that it would be best for all if the plantation were operated for another year .
Early in January , 1844 he had a conference with Henry and William in New Orleans , and upon learning of UNK intention , Henry UNK calmly but firmly with his brother .
The emancipation plan would not only be UNK to all the UNK , he contended , but would be a form of cruelty UNK on the UNK Negroes .
They were not capable of supporting themselves off the plantation , and Louisiana law required their removal from the state .
William , who did not write to Gorham , told Giffen that unless he could operate the plantation as usual for a year , he would sue `` UNK '' to protect his interests .
Despite his apprehensions about his personal safety , Palfrey's reception in New Orleans was more than cordial .
The memory of this southern hospitality did not survive the trials of coming UNK years and Civil War .
In fact , as the time for their departure approached , his UNK increased .
On March 21 , 1845 the bark UNK weighed anchor at New Orleans , while on the UNK Henry and William Palfrey waved farewell to their father's former UNK who must have looked back at the receding shore with mingled regret and UNK .
Giffen filed a petition for permission to UNK four slaves ( all more than fifty years old ) with the St. UNK UNK Police Jury .
One of his initial acts in office was to appoint Philip Coombs of the Ford Foundation as the first Assistant Secretary of State for Educational and Cultural Affairs .
Secretary of Defense Robert UNK , former President of the Ford UNK Company , comes from a generation different from that of Eisenhower's own first Secretary of Defense , Charles Wilson , who had been head of General Motors .
One of the President's special assistants , the Harvard dean UNK UNK , was UNK with Henry L. UNK of the latter's classic UNK , On Active Service .
He is not likely to win this battle easily .
The First Lady appointed a Fine Arts Advisory Committee for the White House , to locate authentic pieces as well as to arrange ways to acquire them .
The old UNK Theater , over which many people had grown sentimental , was only a shell of its former self after UNK years as a UNK Center .
The buildings are mostly UNK .
He is still heir to the rare gifts of space and silence , if he chooses to be .
City boys find a lot of learning in the feel of an ax handle or in the sharp tang of a UNK , come upon suddenly in a backwoods logging camp .
In 1817 the lawyers were generally UNK the legal UNK of private contracts and UNK .
A student orator `` produced tears from a great number of the learned '' even before the punch was served .
And at his last UNK , in that year , Dr. Tucker and Dartmouth were honored by the presence of distinguished academic visitors UNK to the new stature of the college .
It is still a college only and not a university ; ;
it is , in fact , the only college in the Ivy group .
All three are UNK kept small , with a current total enrollment of about two hundred .
It has come on with a rush in more significant areas .
Today it UNK certain ideas in its curriculum that other institutions might consider somewhat UNK .
If she avoided the train and hired a buggy , the UNK might have recognized her .
If this woman had delayed until after UNK to start her shopping , she would have had little time in which to prepare the substantial meal that was eaten at dinner in those days .
They interviewed the conductor of the streetcar Morse said he had taken , but the man did not remember Morse as a passenger .
Bridget testified she saw him leave through the side door .
The screen door was unlocked for some ten or fifteen minutes while Bridget was sick in the back .
there was no financial gain for Morse in the murders .
He felt nothing further need be said about the servant girl .
She told police about the prospective tenant she had heard UNK with her father some weeks before the murders , but she said she thought he was from out of town because she heard him mention something about talking to his partner .
And , much as she UNK UNK Harrington , she also did not accuse him .
Kirby was , of course , reflecting the opinion that existed at the time of murders .
The actions of Bridget should be examined , since she was there and opportunity did exist , if only to establish her innocence .
He recalled Lucy , as `` a UNK UNK young lady who came regularly through the UNK study hall to join the class in Greek in the little UNK room beyond '' .
UNK and UNK Eastern Church .
Also Lucy and Winslow had a private contest to see which one could make the most words from the letters in `` UNK '' .
`` Their house '' , writes Albert S. UNK , `` was always a haven of hospitality and good cheer , especially grateful to one like myself far from home '' .
What was called an `` accidental meeting '' with Miss Packard in Washington turned her attention to Spelman .
her great love of flowers and plants and birds ; ;
Miss Upton and Miss Packard , as a matter of fact , had many tastes in common .
Yet they thrived on it .
She noted that no student had been UNK through loss of confidence ; ;
She urged the importance of more thorough preparation for admission .
The raising of the $25,000 UNK Fund two days before the time limit expired , and the spontaneous `` praise demonstration '' held afterward on the campus , were reported as events which had brought happiness to Miss Giles .
and when school closed , she was unable to travel to Massachusetts .
But she decided to stay at Spelman .
She helped with teaching as well as office work for a few years -- the UNK show that she had classes in geography , rhetoric and bookkeeping .
The books of the school hold a memorial to her ; ;
With infinite patience she responded to every call , no matter at what cost to herself , and to her all went , for she was sure to have the needed information or word of cheer .
The `` UNK education '' program operates in a similar way , with arrangements between the school and employers in merchandising fields .
Fourth , the type of vocational training programs should be related to the employment opportunities in the general locality .
Vocational training which holds no hope that the skill developed will be in fact a marketable skill becomes just another school `` chore '' for those whose interest in their studies has begun to UNK .
To be sure , in UNK work and in the building trades , the first job must be often on an apprentice basis , but two years of UNK vocational training enables the young man thus to anticipate one year of apprentice status .
In a sense almost all high school and college courses could be considered as vocational to the extent that later in life the student in his UNK ( which may be a profession ) will be called upon to use some of the skills developed and the competence obtained .
The suburban high school , it is worth noting , also is not a widely comprehensive high school because of the absence of vocational programs .
It is not often realized to what degree certain trades are in many communities closed areas of employment , except for a lucky few .
Ideally these schools should be so located that one or more should be in the area where demand for practical courses is at the highest .
UNK in a bad slum area now undergoing UNK , this school and its program are especially tailored to the vocational aims of its students .
The efficiency with which animals convert grains and UNK to meat has risen steadily in the United States since the 1930's and has paralleled the increased feeding of the cake and meal that are a UNK when seeds are processed for oil .
The demand for food is so great in the world that little UNK land can be given over to growing the UNK crops .
One of the finest of artists' oils comes from UNK seeds .
Seeds are a main source of UNK for industrial and food use in many parts of the world .
UNK seed gum is the main ingredient in UNK UNK .
All nut UNK are rich in protein .
The color and shape of seeds have long made them attractive for UNK and decorations .
UNK tree seeds are the UNK of South Pacific UNK and the eyes of Buddha dolls in Cuba .
Each year millions of pounds of UNK , UNK , mustard , celery , and UNK and the oils extracted from them are imported .
UNK is distilled from fermented rice in India .
UNK grains , UNK , and dry beans and peas account for about 57 percent of the farm value of all crops raised .
To hold 'em in a compact mass was `` close UNK '' .
This term was also used by the cowboy in the sense of a human UNK fight , as one cowhand was heard to say , `` He arches his back like a UNK in a UNK '' .
The UNK name for beef was `` UNK '' , and many of the old UNK adopted it from their association with the UNK on the trails .
UNK did a trail herd pass through the UNK country on its march north that it wasn't stopped to receive demand for `` UNK '' .
This UNK the animal off balance , and over UNK crash onto its head and shoulders .
The northern cowboy called all the red Mexican cattle which went up the trail `` UNK UNK '' , while they called all cattle drove up from Mexico `` UNK '' , because they came from the UNK UNK country , or gave 'em the name of `` Mexican UNK '' .
An animal with distinct UNK , or other marks easily distinguished and remembered by the owner and his riders , was sometimes used as a `` marker '' .
The counters rode through the pasture countin' each bunch of UNK cattle , and drifted it back so that it didn't get mixed with the UNK cattle ahead .
UNK ? ?
At the base of the rocky hillside , they left their horses and climbed on foot .
At this moment , Loveless and Means arrived , crashing through the UNK with their horses , and distracted her , and she ran off a short distance and jumped into a UNK between two rocks .
The dogs followed her and she killed three and badly wounded Old John .
`` We've got to get her out of there '' ! !
Lighting one he pitched it into the UNK , and the UNK left off UNK the dogs and departed .
It was the story of the UNK fight all over again .
Ulyate made no comment but his face showed what he thought of poking ropes over UNK heads with poles , and of course these were the lions of fifty years ago , not the UNK ones of today , and this one was angry , with good reason .
But without waiting for them to try it , she scattered the dogs and shot down the Reef and out across the plain .
With the gully on three sides , she could be approached only along the tongue of land .
A Western UNK had outrun an African lion , from a standing start .
This new position , however , gave the UNK a better chance .
There was room to make a quick dash past the bush and throw as you went .
However needed this may be , the fundamental problem is not information but active commitment to the total mission of the church of Christ in the world .
The UNK of the ecumenical and the local then no longer exists .
It has a beautiful UNK .
It is not helping them face the moral crisis involved in the use of nuclear energy .
The greatest team of this period was unquestionably the New York Yankees , bought by UNK millions and made into a ball club by men named Ed UNK and Miller UNK .
Our discussion of this involves using UNK UNK UNK of `` identity vs. identity diffusion '' as a UNK tool in UNK a few common UNK onto the diverse personality and family UNK of the unwed mothers from whose case histories we quoted earlier .
The successful and positive resolution of these crises during adolescence involves an UNK principle -- during adolescence , the individual's positive resolutions in each area of identity crisis depend , to a considerable degree , on his already having resolved preliminary and preparatory identity crises during his infancy , childhood , and early adolescence .
These polar extremes in time diffusion were indicated in some of the comments by unwed mothers reported in earlier chapters .
In the specific case of time diffusion , we must emphasize the significance of the earlier development of mistrust when it is combined with the inevitable time crisis experienced by most ( if not all ) UNK in our society , and with the failure of the adolescent period to provide opportunities for developing trust .
The attitudes of some unwed mothers quoted in Chapter 2 , , revealed both considerable preoccupation with being accepted by others and a marked absence of self-certainty .
Another identity crisis confronting the adolescent involves anticipation of achievement vs. UNK .
Erikson has noted that , as this indecision mounts , it may result in a `` paralysis of workmanship '' .
UNK was both .
Most UNK have some ideological diffusion at various developmental stages , as they experience a proliferation of ideas and values .
The diffusion is most pronounced and most likely to become fixed , however , in those who have had no or very minimal opportunities to develop the autonomy and initiative that could have been directed into constructive expression and so served as sources of developing self-certainty .
`` It is a duty '' , said Hough , `` not to let pass this opportunity of protesting against the methods of taking and printing testimony in UNK , current in this circuit ( and probably others ) , UNK if not justified by the rules of the Supreme Court , especially to be found in patent causes , and UNK UNK in this litigation .
He cited the UNK dimensions of the Selden case record ; ;
Not least among the members of the patent bar who echoed this powerful indictment were those who had participated in the Selden suit .
UNK the complaints of UNK and members of the patent bar , he admitted that some of the UNK `` were fairly well founded '' , but he added that under existing rules the courts could not UNK testimony in a group of suits involving separate UNK of the same patent .
While patent suits are still among the most complex and expensive forms of litigation , these rules have saved UNK UNK sums of money .
Nevertheless , it is from the Selden organization that the industry inherited its institutional machinery for UNK the broader interests of the trade .
One of the chief features of this community of interest is the automotive patents UNK agreement , a milestone in the development of American industrial cooperation .
Many patent contests were waged over automobile components and accessories , among them tires , UNK UNK , ball bearings , license UNK , and electric horns .
After the demise of the A.L.A.M. , the time was UNK for establishing such a pool .
Most manufacturers were now disposed to heed a proposal for the formal interchange of patents .
UNK thousand spectators used to crowd it in Roman days .
Here is one of the UNK fountains in Rome , the UNK UNK UNK or `` Fountain of the UNK '' .
)
The courtyard is magnificently decorated .
Standing before the tomb of UNK , the great genius of the Renaissance , when UNK of sunlight are penetrating this great Roman temple , you are once again reminded of the varied UNK so characteristic of Rome .
A few yards farther , on the Via Dei UNK , is the Piazza UNK .
UNK , indeed , is the Harlem citizen , from the most UNK church member to the most UNK adolescent , who does not have a long tale to tell of police incompetence , injustice , or brutality .
What happened is that Negroes want to be treated like men .
People who have mastered UNK , UNK , Shakespeare , Marx , Freud , and the Bible find this statement utterly UNK .
A kind of panic UNK their features , as though they found themselves trapped on the edge of a steep place .
My recital disturbed him and made him indignant ; ;
They do not escape Jim UNK : they merely encounter another , UNK variety .
the UNK make a UNK profit by raising the rent , UNK up the rooms , and all but UNK with the UNK ; ;
he found it , if anything , all too familiar .
Negroes are , therefore , ignored in the North and are under UNK in the South , and suffer UNK in both places .
the fact that American Negroes UNK in the U.N. while Adlai Stevenson was addressing the Assembly shocked and baffled most white Americans .
God knows what the African nations , who hold 25 per cent of the voting stock in the U.N. were thinking -- they may , for example , have been thinking of the U.S. abstention when the vote on Algerian freedom was before the Assembly -- but I think I have a fairly accurate notion of what the Negroes in the gallery were thinking .
It was my first reaction upon hearing of UNK death .
Now , I do not doubt that , among the people at the U.N. that day , there were UNK and professional UNK acting out of the most cynical motives .
it is also the rate of UNK .
In narrative , time is essential , as it is in film .
It was Porter , however , who produced the very first movie whose name has lived on through the half century of film history that has since ensued .
One UNK -- from eight to twelve minutes -- became the standard length from the year of UNK , UNK , until Griffith shattered that limit forever with UNK Of A Nation in 1915 .
The UNK itself became and still is the standard of measure for the movies .
you are cutting .
This is what Porter did .
Time and space have both become UNK .
With few exceptions , the major denominations are rapidly losing their hold on the central city .
In a sample of new members of Pittsburgh churches , almost 60 per cent were recruited by initial `` contacts with friendly members '' .
the majority of such contacts are with people of similar social and economic position ; ;
In general , friendly contact with a member followed by contact with a clergyman will account for a major share of recruitment by the churches , making it quite evident that the extension of economic integration through co-optation is the principal form of mission in the contemporary church ; ;
Whatever projection one makes , the striking fact about congregational and parochial life is the extent to which it is a vehicle of the social identity of middle-class people .
Its contents are another matter , for they reveal the kinds of interests pursued by the congregation .
These concessionaires traded where they wished and generally dealt with the Indians through engages , who might be habitants , UNK , or even soldiers .
In accord with its UNK policy , the company failed to furnish presents to hold the loyalty of the principal Indians .
During his first administration , Bienville succeeded in keeping Carolina traders out of the Alabama country and the UNK country .
The director of the post at Mobile kept an adequate amount of French goods , of a kind to which they were accustomed , to supply the Indian needs .
The UNK were the principal source of trouble in the Mobile district .
The UNK finally were the occasion for the most disastrous wars during the French control of Louisiana .
They threatened constantly to give the British a hold on this region , from UNK they could move easily down the rivers to the French UNK near the Gulf .
In spite of the company's restrictions , he planned to build new posts in the territory .
The difficulties of trade had ruined many UNK , and numbers of them had gone to live with the natives and rear UNK families .
This was a slow and difficult course , and French trade suffered from the many mistakes of the new group of traders .
Congress is a harsh master .
Nothing worked .
Rooney remained untouched .
The Department's constant fight with the House for money is a polite UNK compared with its periodic bloody engagements with the Senate .
John Foster Dulles escaped by keeping his personal show on the road and because UNK Johnson , who was then operating the Senate , refused to let it become an UNK .
During UNK first two years in office , while Republicans ran the Senate , the Department was at the mercy of men who had UNK for its blood since 1945 .
They range from the Soviet Embassy on UNK Street , a gray UNK pile suggesting a UNK display house , to what Congressman Rooney has called `` that UNK on UNK Street '' , the modern UNK UNK of the Belgians .
Other embassies cable home The New York Times without changing a UNK .
Each has its peculiar style .
When Ambassador UNK Menshikov took it over in 1957 from UNK UNK , he made a determined effort to change this idea .
UNK in champagne one night at the embassy , he UNK his glass to a UNK wife and gaily cried : `` Up your bottom '' ! !
The State Department was little help on this , or on much else about UNK UNK .
It's the only copy I've got '' .
`` UNK '' , replied the sheik .
When Dag Hammarskjold was negotiating the Middle East peace after UNK 1956 invasion of Egypt , he soon found himself speaking the mysterious phrases of Cairo , a language as UNK as Casey UNK .
The next day I visited International Christian College which has developed since the war under the leadership of people who were UNK and who know Japan well .
The library has open shelves even in the UNK UNK UNK .
The following morning Mr. UNK called for me , and we went to visit schools -- UNK , UNK , elementary school , and high school -- Mr. UNK school .
Six of the science teachers were present , and we had great fun .
My instructions were that Mr. UNK would meet me at the hotel , but instead he and three others were at the station with a very warm welcome .
There seemed to be no excuse ? ?
In his big home live four families and thirty people , so it needs to be big .
Also , there are housed here some priceless historical treasures from 400 to 600 years old -- paintings , UNK , UNK , etc. .
I had planned to go to the hotel by taxi and sleep a little , after which Mr. UNK would arrive and pilot me around .
But there he was at the train with an Oregon State pennant in his hand .
They knew that I was still UNK over the tragic event , and they felt that if I could see the recovery and the spirit of the people , who hold no grudge , but who also regret Pearl Harbor , I would be happier and would understand better a new Japan .
There were no words to say this but there was no need .
On arriving in Tokyo later we were met by Masu who took us immediately to her university , the Japanese Women's University .
The UNK in the previous illustration might be sufficiently altered by establishing a connection between general company practice and local practice in the South , and by establishing such direct connection between the practice and the economic well-being of stores located in New York and general company policy .
R. B. UNK has written that `` UNK and good will of the victim act like the lack of physical opposition by the UNK of physical UNK , to cause the attacker to lose his moral balance .
He suddenly and unexpectedly loses the moral support which the usual violent resistance of most victims would render him '' ; ;
and in warfare with any means , men commonly disagree over the justice of the cause .
A technique by which it is proposed to enter with compulsion into the very heart of a man and determine his values may often in fact seem the more unlimited aggression .
An excellent article was published recently in the Journal Of The Church Peace Union by a South African journalist on the inhuman economic conditions of the UNK in South Africa , UNK to UNK slavery , and the economic complicity of both the government and the people of the United States in these conditions .
Both the conditions and the complicity are UNK in considerable detail .
They have also led the nation in the direction of a welfare state .
Most of them are Democrats and nearly all consider themselves , and are viewed as , liberals .
UNK editor , Thomas Griffith , in his book , The UNK UNK , wrote : `` most of what was different about it ( the Deep South ) I found myself UNK to .
UNK is no mere lack of sympathy , but something closer to the passionate hatred that was directed against UNK .
There are of course many UNK ; ;
Since the Supreme Court's decision of that year this is more doubtful ; ;
And no doubt many people in states like the UNK and Georgia , which were among the most Tory in sentiment in the eighteenth century , bitterly regretted the revolt against the UNK .
If the circumstances are faced frankly it is not reasonable to expect this to be true .
And the great majority of these people are of Anglo-Saxon or Celtic descent .
and I have heard many say that they are content to earn a half or a third as much as they could up North because they so much prefer the quieter habits of their home town .
( That corpus of law was a reflection of the power system in existence during the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries .
A concept of responsibility is in process of UNK and establishment .
The general acceptance of the idea of governmental ( i.e. , societal ) responsibility for the economic well-being of the American people is surely one of the two most significant watersheds in American constitutional history .
That guiding principle of the Hoover Administration fell to the siege guns of the New Deal ; ;
It is noteworthy that the majority of the delegates to the Congress were from the less developed , former colonial nations .
The content is not the same , however : rather than individual security , it is the security and continuing existence of an `` ideological group '' -- those in the `` free world '' -- that is basic .
The UNK of the Holy Roman Empire and the downfall of UNK led , not more than two centuries ago , to the surge of nationalism .
That is particularly true of sovereignty when it is applied to democratic societies , in which `` popular '' sovereignty is said to exist , and in federal nations , in which the jobs of government are split .
As an Air Force UNK put it : `` You can't have dry runs on this one '' .
The experts are thus forced to UNK sequences of events that have never occurred , probably never will -- but possibly might .
Already accidental war is a silent guest at the discussions within the Kennedy Administration about the urgency of disarmament and nearly all other questions of national security .
These men are not callous .
The chain starts at UNK ( UNK UNK Early UNK System ) in UNK , UNK .
to the SAC command and control post , UNK feet below the ground at UNK Air Force UNK , near UNK , Nebraska ; ;
The same principle of `` redundancy '' applies to all communications on these special networks .
A system of `` gold '' -- actually yellow -- phones UNK him with the offices and action stations of the Secretary of Defense , the Joint UNK of Staff , the SAC commander and other key men .
UNK who participate in the continual practice drills assured me that the President's decision could be made and announced on the gold circuit within minutes after the first flash from Aj .
For these centers , too , are on the gold circuit .
No question UNK him or causes him to hesitate .
At General UNK seat in the balcony there is also a gold phone .
But Wisman , too , does not know the go code .
`` I'd wind up full of bullet holes '' , he said , and there was no question that he was talking about bullets fired by his UNK .
In the UNK degrees of horizon it obscured only a degree , no more .
Sometimes I guessed it was because the rain squall had changed direction .
It has nothing of the proud stride of the trained UNK about it , it is not a UNK , it is not done with style or verve .
They ran for three hours .
It is softened by the UNK and the UNK , has a peaceful quality , the hills roll softly .
The countryside looked like a beautiful open park with gentle slopes and soft gray UNK .
I persuaded an Australian friend who had lived `` UNK '' for years to take me to see some aborigines living in the bush .
I asked .
But if you don't know the place like the palm of your hand , you'd better use a compass and the UNK .
No one patted the dog .
We drove close to the boulder , stopped the Land Rover , and walked over toward the family .
The ridges over his eyes were huge and his eyelids were half shut .
There was something about his face that disturbed me and it took several seconds to realize what .
There was also a UNK , elaborately carved .
`` That smell is something , UNK , mate '' ? ?
The Australian asked .
The UNK is all the same to me , but I really think they can make one another out UNK '' .
I should like , by the way , to make it clear that I am not using the word `` Persians '' UNK .
he sniffed the air and licked it on his lip and knew as a UNK knows a UNK .
These are UNK by another line of vaults , and thus rooms , arched on all four sides , are formed .
Down through the axis of the bridge there is a long diminishing UNK like a visual echo of piers and arches , while the vaults UNK upstream and down frame the sunset and sunrise , the mountains and river pools .
Above all , they will stop in the middle of anything , anywhere , to hear or quote some poetry .
UNK in Persian life is far more than a common ground on which -- in a society deeply UNK by UNK -- all may stand .
It is perhaps difficult to conceive , but imagine that tonight on London bridge the UNK boys of the East End will gather to sing UNK , UNK , Shakespeare , and perhaps some lyrics of their own .
Boys and men go along the UNK or to the alcoves in the top UNK .
Each mode is believed to have a specific attribute -- one inducing pleasure , another generosity , another love , and so on , to include all of the emotions .
Because , like many other children , he intensely disliked practicing UNK UNK , he composed his own studies .
He had presented the first German performances of UNK UNK UNK and De UNK La UNK UNK .
Other world premieres will be Gardner UNK Third Symphony and UNK Marx's UNK UNK .
`` It is easy for you to talk '' ; ;
They thought of themselves , to use Jefferson's words , as `` the UNK '' who had lived in `` the UNK Age '' .
When the Revolution broke out , he , along with Jefferson and Jay , abandoned his career at the bar , with considerable financial sacrifice .
While he was handling the UNK UNK operations of the Government he had to resort to borrowing small sums from friends .
The state's rights position was formulated by Jefferson and Madison in the Kentucky and Virginia UNK , but in their later careers as heads of state the two proved themselves better UNK than UNK .
Indeed , it seems that only in today's Southern fiction does Tobacco Road , with all the traditional trimmings of UNK and UNK and mint UNK , continue to live -- but only as a weary , UNK UNK .
Such writers as William Faulkner and Robert Penn Warren have led the field of somewhat less important writers in a sort of UNK renaissance .
This is not to say that the South is no longer agrarian ; ;
There is a New South emerging , a South losing the UNK traditions of an agrarian society with the rapidity of an UNK -- especially within recent decades .
Has the agrarian tradition become such an UNK that the switch to UNK is somehow UNK or unwanted ? ?
This represents a gradual change in an ever-present social problem .
Today's evidence , such as the fact that only three Southern states ( South Carolina , Alabama and Mississippi ) still openly defy integration , would have UNK many of yesterday's Southerners into UNK .
While there may still be many UNK UNK UNK scattered through the rural South , such men appear to be a UNK breed .
All but the most UNK of Confederate flag UNK admit that the Old Southern tradition is UNK in actuality and sigh that its passing was accompanied by the disappearance of many genteel and UNK traditions of the UNK UNK UNK way of life .
Perhaps these writers have been too deeply moved by this UNK ; ;
The UNK of progress are in his nose and the bright steel of industry towers before his eyes , but his heart is away in UNK County with UNK UNK and night riders .
Yet his concern even here is with a slowly changing UNK order in general , and he never deals with such specific aspects of this change as the urban and industrial impact .
In each case , the object , the color , even the percussive sounds of the electronic score were designed to become part of the theatrical being of the performer .
The work must be true to both the physical and the spiritual character of the experience .
The concept remains subjective .
Others look to more objective devices of order .
He may even alter the pattern by applying a scheme of random numbers .
According to Katherine UNK , `` the becoming , the process of realization , is the dance '' .
The sequence may involve a sharp contrast : for example , a quiet UNK sway of the body succeeded by a violent leap ; ;
UNK UNK freely because they are UNK by emotional bias or UNK drive .
Thus , there is UNK not only in the individual movements of the dance but in the shape of their continuity as well .
But I would never have thought of it myself '' .
The truth in their conflicting concepts was UNK by statesmen of the UNK of Webster and Calhoun , and defended in the end by leaders of the nobility of Lincoln and Lee .
UNK efforts -- beginning with the Missouri UNK of 1821 -- were made by such master UNK as Clay and Douglas to resolve the difference peacefully by compromise , rather than clear thought and timely action .
Here are the two UNK : Federal Constitution , UNK
If the Union conceded this to them , the same right must be conceded to each remaining state whenever it saw fit to secede : This would destroy the federal balance between it and the states , and in the end sacrifice to the sovereignty of the states all the liberty the citizens had gained by their Union .
Social invention did not have to await social theory any more than use of the warmth of a fire had to await UNK or the UNK protection of a boat the formulations of UNK .
And it is certainly no slight to either of them to compare both their achievements and their impact .
UNK government , popular vote , trial by jury , public education , labor unions , cooperatives , UNK , UNK ownership , world courts , and the veto power in world UNK are but a few examples .
They are in general those fears that once seemed to have been UNK to prayer or ritual .
It is curious that even centuries of repetition of the yearly cycle did not induce a sufficient degree of confidence to allow people to abandon the ceremonies of the winter UNK .
This understanding provides a very simple example of the fact that one can eliminate fear without UNK any controls .
If an automobile were approaching him , he would know what was required of him , even though he might not be able to act quickly enough .
Small wonder , then , that we fear .
There are many UNK in which understanding has brought about widespread and quite appropriate reduction in ritual and fear .
The persistent horror of having a malformed child has , I believe , been reduced , not because we have gained any control over this misfortune , but precisely because we have learned that we have so little control over it .
His letter had suggested we meet at my hotel at noon on Sunday , and I came into the lobby as the clock struck twelve .
They find deep pessimism in them .
Even so UNK a UNK as Harold UNK of The Nation has said that `` Waiting For Godot '' is `` the concentrate of the contemporary European mood of despair '' .
Is his a literature of defeat , irrelevant to the social crises we face ? ?
It is all around us and our only chance now is to let it in .
And why not ? ?
But it is different at UNK .
If there were only darkness , all would be clear .
Two thieves are UNK with Christ , one saved and the other damned .
At the beginning of the play she has partial illumination and at the end she has complete illumination , but there has been no question but that she moves toward the dark .
When you pass a church on an Irish bus , all the hands flurry in the sign of the cross .
One does not have to look for distress .
It is screaming at you even in the UNK of London '' .
but there is also UNK .
`` All is not sex '' , declared Lawrence .
Man is not confined to one outlet for his vital energy .
That is reserved for the squares .
The mind has betrayed them , reason is the foe of life ; ;
One girl describes her past , her succession of broken marriages , the UNK she has had and finally UNK that she loves sex and sees no reason why she must justify her passion .
UNK is death .
some of them are driven over the UNK of UNK and lose contact with reality .
Their previous UNK marriages do not count , for they hold the laws of the state null and void .
Those who are sexual UNK are naturally drawn to join the beatniks .
From maturity one looks back at the succession of years , counts them and makes them many , yet cannot feel length in the number , however large .
the UNK themselves , that bloomed so UNK but for the most part beyond our reach ; ;
More potent a charm to bring back that time of life than this record of a few pictures and a few remembered facts would be a catalogue of the UNK which are of the very stuff of the mind , intrinsic , because they were known in the beginning not by the eye alone but by the hand that held them .
Thus shielded , we played many foolish games in comfortable UNK ; ;
The UNK humor , the specifically sexual embarrassment of the joke gone wrong , the monstrous image of the fat man dressed up as a UNK dressing up as a baby ; ;
The highroad , one might say at first , belongs to life , while the way to the churchyard belongs to death .
But that is too simple , and won't hold up .
This strange person UNK with a cyclist because the latter is using the path rather than the highroad .
that is , on the basis of his own UNK and UNK UNK , Piepsam becomes a prophet who in his ecstasy and in the name of God UNK UNK on Life -- not only the cyclist now , but the audience , the world , as well : `` all you UNK breed '' .
This passion brings on a fit which proves fatal .
This is simple enough , but several more points of interest may be mentioned as relevant .
The season , between spring and summer , belongs to life in its carefree aspect .
as Piepsam says to the crowd in his last moments : `` His justice is not of this world '' .
The ambulance is drawn by two `` charming '' little horses .
he keeps a bottle in a wardrobe at home , and `` before this wardrobe UNK Piepsam had before now gone literally on his knees , and in his UNK had UNK his tongue -- and still in the end UNK '' .
The breakdown of classical structures of meaning in all UNK of western culture has given rise to several generations of artists who have UNK the UNK processes .
Whatever pole of this contrast one UNK and whatever the tension between these two approaches to understanding the artistic imagination , it will be readily seen that they are not mutually exclusive , that they belong together .
All artistic and mythological representations , therefore , are `` UNK of UNK '' and are completely superseded by the truth value of `` dialectic '' , the proper use of the inquiring intellect .
But Aristotle kept the principle of levels and even augmented it by describing in the Poetics what kinds of character and action must be UNK if the play is to be a vehicle of serious and important human truths .
The central concern of Erich UNK impressive volume called UNK is to describe the shift from a classic theory of imitation ( based upon a recognition of levels of truth ) to a Christian theory of imitation in which the levels are dissolved .
I have chosen to use the word `` mimesis '' in its Christian rather than its classic implications and to discover in the concrete forms of both art and myth powers of theological expression which , as in the Christian mind , are the direct consequence of involvement in historical experience , which are not reserved , as in the Greek mind , only to moments of theoretical reflection .
The most primitive feelings are rudimentary value feelings , both positive and negative : a desire to appropriate this or that part of the environment into oneself ; ;
It takes a great deal of abstraction to free oneself from the primitive impression of larger UNK of power and influence and to view one's world simply as a collection of sense data arranged in such and such sequence and pattern , devoid of all power to move the feelings and actions except in so far as they present themselves for inspection .
Both I and my feelings come up out of a chain of events that fan out into the past into sources that are ultimately very unlike the entity which I now am .
In town after town my companion pointed out the Negro school and the White school , and in every instance the former made a better appearance ( it was newer , for one thing ) .
By what right of superior virtue , Southerners ask , do the people of the North do this ? ?
A Virginia judge a while back cited a Roman UNK to the effect that ten years might be a reasonable length of time for such a change .
But I suspect that the old Roman was referring to change made under military occupation -- the sort of change which UNK was talking about when he said , `` They make a desert , and call it peace '' ( `` UNK UNK , UNK UNK '' .
it can be changed ; ;
) and was UNK .
One can meet with UNK almost anywhere : the UNK viewpoint , It UNK UNK UNK ! !
A man must be able to say , `` Father , I have sinned '' , or there is no hope for him .
Can God be UNK , ever , in the long run ? ?
And what a UNK of those UNK that fair land ! !
It is a lonely , rather desolate region , but full of legendary and historic associations .
In one of his summers at home he married , to the great disapproval of his father , who objected because of his extreme youth .
It was a brilliant debut , so much so indeed that it aroused a new vitality in the younger poets , as did Byron's UNK Harold .
It UNK the unknown architect who designed the temple of UNK at UNK , next to the Parthenon the noblest example of UNK classic style now in existence .
The short poems grouped at the end of the volume as `` UNK in UNK '' is , as Professor Book indicated , in sharp contrast with the others .
A dominant motive is the poet's longing for his homeland and its boyhood associations : `` Not UNK , but the fields where I would stray , The stones where as a child I used to play '' .
The hero , who is himself , is represented as a UNK in the UNK lands of the East , a sort of UNK type , who , to quote from Professor Book again , `` even in the pleasure gardens of UNK can not cease from his painful search after the meaning of life .
Like his friend and contemporary August UNK he had little patience with collective UNK .
About one-third as long , it is less intimate and detailed , but better coordinated , more UNK and more dramatic .
Of few authors is this more true than of Heidenstam .
There are , however , some wonderful chapters at the beginning of the second part , concerning the reactions of the UNK in UNK .
He finds it in utter misery and UNK .
The record UNK with romance and adventure .
He UNK criminals not merely because he is paid to do so ( frequently he does not receive a fee at all ) , but because he enjoys his work , because he firmly believes that murder must be punished .
By virtue of his UNK , his individualism and his freedom from external restraint , the private eye is a perfect embodiment of the middle class conception of liberty , which amounts to doing what you please and let the devil take the UNK .
There is only one catch to this idyllic arrangement : Adam Smith was wrong .
If he is good , he may not be legal ; ;
As he informs Watson , `` My life is spent in one long effort to escape from the UNK of existence .
These little problems help me to do so '' .
The curious relationship between Holmes and Scotland UNK provides an important clue to the deeper significance of his eccentric behavior .
On the face of it , it is because he employs UNK techniques alien to official police routine .
Watson's insight is verified by the mysterious link between Holmes and his UNK , Dr. Moriarty .
Their dedication to the status quo has been affirmed at the expense of the fascinating but dangerous individualism of a Sherlock Holmes .
Wolfe UNK to ever leave his own house , and spends most of his time drinking beer and playing with UNK .
virtue is its own and only reward .
The first of two possible variations on this theme is symbolized by Mickey UNK Mike UNK .
The party is usually in a room small enough so that all guests are within sight and hearing of one another .
Thus the cocktail party would appear to be the ideal system , but there is one weakness .
The crowd consequently breaks up into temporary groups ranging in size from two to six , with a UNK for the cluster ranging from three to twenty minutes .
The UNK at p is last to hear about a new cure , the UNK to announce to his neighbors his urgent UNK , the one who goes the UNK to trade , and the one with the greatest difficulty of all in putting over an idea or getting people to join him in a cooperative effort .
Without monitoring , a military UNK becomes a noisy party .
Alexander the Great , who used runners as message carriers , did not have to worry about having every officer in his command hear what he said and having hundreds of them comment at once .
UNK go only from an officer to the man of nearest lower rank .
The commands are specified by the military regulations ; ;
A military organization has an objective chosen by the higher command .
This objective is adhered to throughout the duration of the action .
The number of people acting as one body by this scheme gives a surprisingly large army of UNK men .
Since the difficulty of drawing the net is great , we will merely discuss it .
It is a weakness of Gabriel's analysis that he never seems to realize that his so-called fundamental law had already been cut loose from its foundations when it was adapted to democracy .
During the decade that followed , the common man , as that piece put it , grew uncomfortable as the Voice of God and fled from behind UNK Woodrow ( Wilson ) only to learn from Science , to his shocked relief that after all there was no God he had to speak for and that he was just an animal anyhow -- that there was a chemical formula for him , and that too much couldn't be expected of him .
The socialism implicit in the UNK of the Roosevelt Revolution , freedom from want and fear , seems a far cry from the individualism of the First Amendment to the Constitution , or of the UNK frontier .
What had happened to the common man ? ?
The long road that had taken liberals in this country into the social religion of democracy , into a worship of man , led logically to the UNK dream of a UNK society under a Socialist State .
We will recall that the still confident liberals of the Truman administration gathered with other Western UNK in San Francisco to set up the legal framework , finally and at last , to UNK war -- to UNK want and fear -- out of the world : the United Nations .
We of the UNK world got all set for peace and rehabilitation .
All of this , I know , is recent history familiar to you .
I will assume that we are all aware of the continuing struggle , with its limited and precarious success , toward conservatism .
I saw a piece the other day UNK William Buckley , author of Man And God at Yale and publisher of The National Review , as no conservative at all , but an old liberal .
But there's a subjective side to that utopian outlook .
Does our society have a runaway , UNK growth of technology which may end our civilization , or a normal , healthy growth ? ?
So an objective look at our present procedures may move us to consider seriously this possibly analogous situation .
Asked which institution most needs UNK , I would say the corporation as it exists in America today .
Corporations react violently to UNK stimuli , e.g. , quarterly and annual dividend reports .
UNK should get the tax advantages now accruing to corporations , e.g. the chance to UNK capital so vital for growth .
We are tempted to blame others for our problems rather than look them straight in the face and realize they are of our own making and possible of solution only by ourselves with the help of desperately needed , enlightened , competent leaders .
In my own company , in effect a partnership , although legally a corporation , I have been able to do many things for my employees which `` normal '' corporations of comparable size and nature would have been unable to do .
Perhaps a list of some of the `` practices '' of my company will help here .
UNK having a mental image of some sort is not the all-important consideration .
Shakespeare gives us a vivid picture of Shylock , but probably he never saw a Jew , unless in some of his UNK .
The Jew was the UNK victim .
No Jew was on hand to boycott his financially struggling theater .
But what a UNK task it is to UNK anything of value from the UNK arguments used so freely , particularly since such common use is made of UNK and UNK , in themselves UNK of intellectual bankruptcy .
In the field of the social sciences a considerable fund of tested knowledge has been accumulated that can be used to good advantage .
We would establish no censorship .
It is of the utmost importance to the people of America and of the world how their governing President `` ends up '' during the four years of his term .
The double editorial on Two UNK Of `` The U.S. Spirit '' was subtly calculated to suggest a moral sanction for UNK great as well as small , reflecting popular approval of this questionable attitude toward the highest office in the land .
`` My doctors assure me that this increased percentage of risk is not great '' .
UNK as he is into the phase of the campaign which demands conviction of him , he UNK a position that is morally UNK .
This does not mean that the decision to run for office should inevitably have been UNK .
He chooses to subordinate one to the other , sometimes reluctantly , accepting criticism for the lesser UNK facts breed .
For the answer cannot be derived from any socially cohesive element in the UNK community .
In this phase of change , no idea has social acceptance and so none has ontological status in the community .
If we examine the three types of change from the point of view of their internal structure we find an additional profound difference between the third and the first two , one that accounts for the notable difference between the responses they evoke .
The second involves something deeper , but its characteristic form UNK on a shift in policy for the community , not in the truth on which the community rests .
For UNK history `` breaks '' rather than UNK precisely when the movement is from order to disorder , and not from one order to a new order .
Civilization itself -- tradition -- falls out of existence when the human spirit itself becomes confused .
A number of considerations suggest that this occurs early in the process .
And when we consider the tenuous hold tradition has on existence , any weakening of that hold constitutes a crisis of existence .
UNK responses
UNK identifies it as being `` UNK '' , UNK as being `` UNK '' , UNK as being `` lonely '' .
And the anxiety it generates is UNK as anxiety over private interest and threatened social status .
In its defensive formulations , the theory will attack conscious change on the grounds of the independent existence of the community .
In both cases the individual tends to be treated as an instrument of the organic reality .
The point is that the reactionary , for whatever motive , UNK himself to have been part or a partner of something that extended beyond himself , something which , consequently , he was not able to accept or reject on the basis of subjective preference .
Now we can argue that the irresistible fate of Oedipus Rex was nothing more than the irresistible unconscious UNK of Oedipus projected outward , but this UNK of unconscious conflict makes all the difference between a story and a clinical case history .
There are UNK scenes in which the little boy on his rocking horse rocks madly toward the climax that will UNK give him the name of the winning horse .
It was , of course , a little boy's fantasy of winning his mother to himself , and replacing the father who could not give her the things she wanted -- a classical UNK fantasy if you like -- but if it were only this the story would be UNK .
And when the child dies in UNK story in a UNK that is somehow brought on by his mania to win and to make his mother rich , the manifest absurdity of such a disease and such a death does not enter into our thoughts at all .
He would not have cared why it emerged , he only wanted to capture a memory to play with it again in his imagination and somehow to fix and hold in the story the disturbing emotions that accompanied the fantasy .
The young writer seems UNK by psychological knowledge ; ;
There is probably some significance in the fact that two of the best incest stories I have encountered in recent years are UNK of the incest myth .
In both the farmer's tale in Ralph UNK UNK Man and in Thomas Mann's The Holy UNK , the incest hero rises above the myth by accepting the wish as motive ; ;
Thomas UNK wrote The Holy UNK in 1951 .
The infant is discovered by a fisherman who brings him home to rear him .
An ivory UNK in the UNK UNK UNK the story of his UNK origins and is preserved for the child by the monks of a UNK in the fishing village .
Grigorss , at seventeen , learns his story and goes forth as a knight to UNK his origins .
At the end of this period two pious Christians in Rome receive the revelation which leads them to seek the next Pope on the rock .
Later Helion wrote of this phase : `` For years I built for myself a subtle instrument of relationships -- colors and forms without a name .
I played on it my secret songs , unexplained , passionate and peaceful '' .
The extreme limitations he sensed in all current abstract art made that seem to him increasingly UNK and cold .
He himself did not know , as he said in 1935 .
`` We were possessed by visions of a new civilization to come , very pure and elevated '' , he has said , `` in fact some ideal form of socialism such as we had dreamed of since the war of UNK '' .
Helion also hoped that America's mastery of technology and industrial efficiency would be accompanied by the production of new and beautiful art works .
When he was stripped , UNK and numbered by his guards , his UNK UNK was seized and thrown on a pile of UNK goods to be UNK .
In the Stalag , Helion came to know and love his comrades , most of them plain folk , who , in their extremity , showed true courage and ran great risks to help each other .
Their sentry followed .
And , after all , he has lived comfortably at both Oxford , Mississippi , and UNK , Virginia .
These UNK of coarse action and crude language appeared first in local newspapers , as a rule , and later found their way between book covers , though rarely into the UNK libraries beside the UNK volumes of Horace , Mr. UNK , Mr. Pope , and Sir Walter Scott .
There would be UNK to be drawn , of course ; ;
such capacities are impressive evidence pointing to a conception of the human being which does not appear in the accounts of UNK and organic UNK ; ;
Actually , you could wish for some passion , now and then , but when you look around the world and see the little UNK of current history which partisan social passions have UNK , you are glad that in these pamphlets there is at least some civilized calm .
After casting about for a way of describing this spirit , we decided that it would be better to use Mr. Lyford's introduction as an illustration .
Mr. Nehru is subjected to stern lectures on neutralism by our Department of State , and an American President observes UNK that Sweden would be a little less neurotic if it were a little more UNK '' .
Nor did a UNK stars vary in brightness during the course of their UNK flights .
Because motion which begins and ends at discrete places would ( e.g. for Aristotle ) be incomplete .
UNK fire ( the stars ) is in the heavens .
The stars constitute an order of existence different from what we encounter on earth .
But none of this has prevented scientists , philosophers , and even historians of science , from speaking of the Ptolemaic system , in contrast to the Copernican .
It is engendered by UNK the UNK UNK in The UNK with the UNK astronomy .
The UNK required to make the theoretical machinery operate are set out UNK and UNK , so that all UNK operations within the theory can be traced rigorously back to these UNK , rules , and primitive notions .
De UNK is not just a collection of facts and techniques .
The formal displacement of the UNK principle far from being Copernicus' primary concern , was introduced only to resolve what seemed to him UNK in orthodox astronomy , namely , the ' UNK ' UNK of UNK UNK : one center from which the UNK distances were calculated , another around which planetary velocities were computed , and still a third center ( the earth ) from which the observations originated .
UNK feeling of identity with UNK UNK was crowned by her discovery of the coincidence that UNK UNK in the Jewish cemetery in Venice referred to her as `` the UNK '' .
She had the opportunity that few clever women can resist , of showing her superiority in argument over a man .
And , in the last case , a bitter disappointment but too often meets the UNK nature .
Dr. UNK was so pleased with the quality of her UNK study of UNK UNK that he considered submitting it to the Century Magazine or Harper's but he decided that its Jewish subject probably would not interest them and published it in The UNK , `` so our readers will be UNK instead '' .
And she wrote the UNK for an UNK on the subject of UNK UNK performed at the UNK festival which came in December .
In September UNK Thomas Huxley , UNK famous UNK , came from England to speak in a crowded auditorium at the formal opening of the University ; ;
A smart , shrewd and ambitious young man , well connected , and with a UNK for getting in the good UNK of important people , he was bound to go far .
so UNK UNK became interested in her friend UNK UNK , and Joe Jastrow -- the only young man who when he wrote had the UNK to address her as Henrietta , and signed himself Joe -- fell in love with pretty sister Rachel .
Henrietta could easily identify herself with Jo March , although Jo was not the eldest sister .
Neither was Henrietta UNK like Jo , who frankly wished she were a boy and had deliberately shortened her name , which , like UNK , was the feminine form of a boy's name .
and , as in the March home , any young man who called on the UNK found himself confronted with a phalanx of UNK which made it rather difficult to direct his particular attention to any one of them .
There were three years of this strange warfare ; ;
`` Madame Noel , I think you had better go '' , said Mrs. UNK .
Wright set his loss at UNK , a figure perhaps justified by the unique character of the house that had been ruined , and the UNK taste that had gone into the selection of the prints and other things that were destroyed .
In spite of the disaster , Wright completed during this period plans for the Lake UNK resort , in which he suggested the shapes of American Indian UNK -- a project of great and appropriate charm , that came to nothing .
He said that the architect might reasonably be expected to carry his financial burdens if all UNK could be brought to an end , and that the bank would accept a mortgage on Taliesin to help bring this about .
`` UNK laws , speed laws , divorce laws '' , he said , `` as they now stand , UNK the individual , make UNK and law UNK of us in one way or another , and tend to make our experiment in democracy absurd .
If Mrs. Wright doesn't accept the terms in the morning , I'll go either to Tokyo or to Holland , to do what I can .
Perhaps this is not so little .
In any case , Miss UNK UNK bitterness , her variations on the theme that the world was not only well lost for love but even well lost for lost love , her constant and wonderfully tragic posture , so unlike that of Fitzgerald since it required no scenery or props , drew from the me that I was when I fell upon her verses an overwhelming UNK .
I had developed too UNK a facade to be afraid of UNK .
What I fled from was my fear of what , UNK , you might UNK , without meaning to , about my father and yourself .
UNK , innocence does unto others as it expects to be done by .
You , I could swear to it , remained innocent in this sense until the end .
It is not easy to become UNK pupil .
I found that this UNK , UNK boy of 74 deserved to be taught .
The New York Herald UNK photographer , UNK UNK , tells an anecdote about the time he wanted to take a picture of Carl playing a guitar .
It changes with every generation .
She designed and supervised the building of the UNK , Michigan , house , most of which was constructed by one local UNK who carried the heavy beams UNK upon his shoulder .
By the time Lilian had been graduated from public school , her parents were doing quite well .
Her mother was a good manager and established a UNK business in Milwaukee .
At the University of Chicago she studied UNK and Shelley , and became a Socialist .
( After graduation from the University of Chicago , Paula taught for two years in the normal school at Valley City , North Dakota , then two years at Princeton ( Illinois ) UNK High School .
by the same token , we reject any Soviet attempt to impose its system on us or other peoples by force or UNK .
we will not act in any way which would UNK our solemn commitments to them .
Our surplus from foreign business transactions has in recent years fallen substantially short of the expenditures we make abroad to maintain our military establishments overseas , to finance private investment , and to provide assistance to the less developed nations .
In 1959 our deficit in balance of payments approached four billion dollars .
Otherwise , the outlook could be dark indeed .
But I once again assure all peoples and all nations that the United States , except in defense , will never turn loose this destructive power .
The UNK of a portion of these forces beyond our shores , on land and sea , is UNK demonstration of our determination to stand UNK with our allies for collective security .
This conference was held despite UNK assurance to Adolf UNK , who was leaving the same day for Puerto Rico , that nothing would be done until his return on January 22 , except that the Secretary General would probably order the list destroyed .
`` Until this Hungarian Committee matter came up , Bang-Jensen was a fine and devoted individual .
I had known him for some years , when I was a delegate and before , and this manner had never been his '' .
Gross had received Marshall UNK and they were discussing the case .
Marshall sat in one of the several leather chairs .
Gross swung his swivel chair .
`` For instance , regarding the fact that the Gross Committee issued two interim announcements to the press during its investigation .
What was the list ? ?
Of course the matter caught the public's attention .
as I understand it , Mr. Hammarskjold wanted outside advice .
Mr. UNK is the U.N. legal chief and a very good man , but he is not fully UNK on some technical points of American law '' .
`` The case was that Bang-Jensen came up to Shann claiming he had found further errors in the report .
So once again Shann had to argue with him about this .
( UNK own report , Peter Marshall reflected , describes the encounter as `` UNK '' .
''
Walking was the remedy , they decided , but a deck full of chicken UNK and UNK was hardly suitable .
She was now enjoying the voyage very much .
the weather had turned wet and cold .
At this time Harriet wrote in a letter which after their finally landing in India was sent to her mother :
`` If you become a Baptist , I will not '' , Ann informed her husband , but sweeping her threat aside Adoniram continued to search for an answer to the personal dilemma in which he found himself .
`` He looks as feminine as you can imagine '' , she decided .
all day long the Caravan slowly made her way through the difficult passages .
He had failed to realize that the Burmese were not really treating him as the important visitor he considered himself .
They UNK foreigners .
As for the author of the Englishman , Mrs. Manley UNK UNK that the sole defense of the Protestant cause should be left to `` UNK , Dick Steele , and their UNK , with the UNK of Young Man's UNK '' .
Steele's main business here is to UNK public opinion to the immediate danger of a Stuart UNK .
Like UNK , he UNK the indifference of the people in the face of the crisis .
Steele in this paper is indicating his sympathy for such a plan .
UNK then commented , `` If they Could UNK that young UNK into Their UNK They would show themselves quickly , for they are not UNK to Say They want only a head to Make a beginning '' .
The final issue of the Englishman , No. 57 for February 15 , ran to some length and was printed as a separate UNK , entitled The Englishman : Being the UNK of the Paper UNK .
Thus he UNK , with considerable justice , that the Tory writers have resorted to UNK instead of answering his arguments .
Steele first answers briefly the charges which his `` dear old Friend '' has made about his UNK on UNK and his Crisis .
If `` Jack the UNK '' is really to be taken as Swift , the following remark is obviously Steele's comment on UNK change of parties and its effect on their friendship : `` I assure you , dear Jack , when I first found out such an UNK in you , as makes you of so UNK a Constitution , that you may be worked into any Form an UNK UNK , I UNK I should not enjoy your UNK much longer '' .
this was the form in which their private UNK most often appeared in the Tory press , especially the Examiner .
On February 16 , Steele took his seat in Parliament .
It is filled with the usual personal abuse of Steele , especially of his physical appearance ; ;
When Harold Arlen returned to California in the winter of 1944 , it was to take up again a collaboration with Johnny Mercer , begun some years before .
Still , he did like music making and even sang in the chapel choir of the UNK Forest School , near Orange , Virginia , where he sounded fine but did not UNK too well .
`` We'd give him things to deliver , letters , checks , deeds and things like that '' , remembers his UNK Walter , still in the real estate business in Savannah , `` and learn days later that he'd UNK stuffed them into his pocket .
This rather detached attitude toward life's UNK has seemed to be the dominant UNK in Mercer's personality ever since .
But Mercer's explanation was simple : `` I made out the check and carried it around a few days UNK -- in case I lost it '' .
When the family business failed , Mercer left school and on his mother's urging -- for she hoped that he would become an actor -- he joined a local little theater group .
When the UNK traveled to New York to participate in a UNK competition -- and won -- Mercer , instead of returning with the rest of the company in triumph , remained in New York .
Though merely clear glass , it was a distinctive trade mark for an UNK actor who hoped to UNK himself upon the memories of producers .
The innocent UNK , filled with that supreme sense of honor found in bars , insisted upon replacing the destroyed UNK -- and did , over the protests of the former owner -- with a square UNK .
Mercer is supposed to have refused it with , `` Anyone who wears a square UNK must be affected '' ! !
This 1930 edition also had songs in it by Vernon Duke and UNK UNK , by E. Y. UNK and Duke , and by Harry UNK .
Mercer has also written both music and lyrics for several songs .
with Harry Warren he did `` The Girl Friend Of The UNK UNK '' , `` UNK UNK '' , and `` You Must Have UNK A UNK Baby '' .
Speaking of his work with Johnny Mercer , Arlen says , `` Our working habits were strange .
Arlen , too , worked on other projects at the same time with old friend Ted UNK .
A much larger room , adjacent to the lavatory , served as a UNK to and from the UNK toilet .
He arrived on UNK at the UNK Club with one of his great UNK , Oliver Herford , artist , author , and foe of stupidity .
Governor Alfred E. Smith was the official host at the children's party .
Why ' '' ? ?
I worked for a day on this plainly ridiculous assignment and consulted several of my own well-informed sources .
He stood there staring with disbelief at the vacant desk .
He exposed the UNK racket with the able assistance of two excellent reporters , UNK UNK and Carl UNK .
The UNK note , written in pencil upon the back of a used envelope , and addressed to the coroner , makes one wonder about many things : `` God forgive me for everything .
He would bring her boxes of candy and other presents to UNK a smile to her lips .
The President used to look at it with a ghost of a smile .
It had a tiny envelope tied to its wrist .
People think the dress in the picture was UNK by an artist much later on .
Mrs. Coolidge gave Mama this dress for me , and I wore it many times .
Mama didn't know what to do -- whether to tell on Rob Roy or not -- since she had the ear of Mrs. Coolidge more than the other maids .
He would not make a sound until the President had UNK and left for the office ; ;
When Prudence and UNK were too young to be trusted in the dining room , they were tied to the radiator with their UNK , and they would cry .
The favorite guest of the house , as far as the staff was concerned , was Mr. UNK , the chewing gum king .
Mama swirled the train in place , and not a step was lost .
UNK of perception , yes ; ;
The `` conventional '' image of a particular time and place is not necessarily UNK with the image of the facts as established over the years by scholarly and scientific research .
UNK , in turn , fall conveniently into two categories for purposes of analysis .
What factors condition the degree of realization at various times and places ? ?
It is not difficult to anticipate circumstances in which negative tensions will UNK ; ;
the future weight of informal factors cannot be so easily assessed .
the process can be accelerated .
Now an UNK difficulty of paragraphs like the foregoing is that they appear to preach ; ;
What we have in mind does have something in common with the goals of psychoanalysis and with the methods by which they are sought .
For this purpose a degree of intellectual and emotional involvement is necessary ; ;
Two facets of this aspect of the literary process have special significance for our time .
The reader , observing this process , might ask `` why not be different '' ? ?
The observer of television or other products for a mass audience has only a permit to be , like the models he sees , even more like everybody else .
One would need to test this proposition carefully ; ;
Men seem almost universally to want a sense of function , that is , a feeling that their existence makes a difference to someone , living or unborn , close and immediate or generalized .
A need so deeply planted , asking for direction , so to speak , is likely to be UNK by the vivid examples and heroic proportions of literature .
UNK UNK , in his discussion of The `` UNK And Future Of UNK '' , suggests this : `` One of the things which makes our lives drab and empty and which leaves us , at the end of the day , UNK and UNK spiritually is the pressure of the taxing , practical , UNK concern of UNK objects .
In the wide range of experiences common to our UNK race none is more difficult to manage , more UNK , and more enduring in its effects than the control of love and hate .
I mean something more like UNK concept of the utility of `` play '' to a small child : he plays `` house '' or `` doctor '' or `` UNK '' as a way of UNK slightly frightening experiences , UNK them UNK until they are under control .
The limits are suggested by an imaginary experiment : contrast the perceptual skill of English professors with that of their colleagues in discriminating among motor cars , political candidates , or female beauty .
But to go from here to the belief that those more sensitive to UNK and language will also be more sensitive to personal differences is too great an UNK leap .
The late R. G. UNK , a philosopher whose work has proved helpful to many students of literature , once wrote `` : :
We are all , though many of us are UNK enough to wish to deny it , in far closer sympathy with the art of the UNK and UNK than with UNK and UNK , or even Shakespeare and UNK .
Many will add that we may find our enjoyment heightened by our understanding .
UNK among these is the idea of human nature itself , including the many definitions that have been advanced over the centuries ; ;
On the other hand , UNK `` The UNK , salt , UNK sea '' , taken in its context , certainly does so .
`` The Attorney General has been brooding over that evidence like an old hen on a UNK for eighteen months '' , Hearst said .
What I want is to have this evidence come before Congress and if the Attorney General does not report it , as I am very sure he won't , as he has refused to do anything of the kind , I then wish that a committee of seven Representatives be appointed with power to take the evidence .
Roosevelt and others considered him partly responsible for the murder of McKinley .
They were repelled by his noisy newspapers , his personal publicity , his UNK campaign for the Presidential nomination , and by the swelling cloud of rumor about his moral lapses .
Even the regular Democrats UNK him .
Some preferred Judge UNK B. Parker of New York .
His candidacy affected his journalism somewhat .
The Hearst men say that if Hearst is nominated , he and his immediate friends will contribute to the Democratic National Committee the sum of UNK .
The alternative to this is that if a conservative candidate is nominated the national committee will have to appeal to the trusts for their campaign funds , and in doing this will incur obligations which would make a Democratic victory absolutely fruitless .
`` There's nothing like UNK from the bottom up .
As for the paid UNK from other states , we are here to UNK the Indiana UNK in their duty , I have nothing but contempt .
Every letter answers itself in a couple of weeks '' .
But fifty years later the trilogy still maintains a firm place in the list of standard works on the unification of Italy , a position cautiously prophesied by the UNK at the time of publication .
Already Trevelyan had begun to parallel his nineteenth-century Italian studies with several works on English figures of the same period .
The biography of Lord Grey is strictly speaking not a biography at all .
The volume is a piece of passionate special pleading , written with the heat -- and often with the wisdom , it must be said -- of a Liberal UNK the UNK of politicians from UNK to 1832 .
Some historians have found his point of view not to their taste , others have complained that he makes the Tory tradition appear `` UNK rather than intelligible '' , while a sympathetic critic has remarked that the `` intricate UNK of social dynamics and political activity of which , at times , politicians are the ignorant UNK is not a field for the exercise of his talents '' .
By what one reader called a `` series of UNK views '' , he UNK one period into another and gives a sense of continuous growth .
But after 1832 , the narrative tends to lose its balanced , UNK quality and to become a UNK of topics , often UNK by any single thread .
Like most major works of synthesis , The History Of England is informed by the positive views of a first-class mind , and this is surely a major work .
Of the three volumes , Blenheim is easily the best .
I stood on a table , surrounded by hundreds of UNK young faces .
They would champion me .
We would all meet at ten o'clock at the Kehl bridge , five miles from Strasbourg , and march triumphantly across into Germany .
In fact , all persons were permitted to cross the Rhine into Kehl , there being no sentry posted on the west side of the river .
I marched up to the waiting officials , the students UNK behind me .
As usual , the press photographers were on hand .
I mean ''
The students crowded around asking questions , slapping me on the back , and generally being friendly .
A special guard was posted at my end of the bridge to make sure I didn't cross , the UNK of the situation being revealed fully in that everyone else -- men , women , and children , dogs , cats , horses , cars , trucks , baby carriages -- could cross Kehl bridge into Kehl without UNK .
When I informed her that I didn't , she said she would borrow her brother's and bring it to me later that evening .
In the mail were invitations to speak at the universities of Cologne , UNK , and UNK .
Twenty thousand world citizens at UNK had signed a petition inviting me to visit their town .
`` Oh , Mr. Davis , are you there '' ? ?
May we have a word with you '' ? ?
`` I'm sorry .
By both standards Thomas had the right to be proud .
Whatever the military world thought , the political world approved it UNK .
UNK described it as the most brilliant of the war .
Men were killed in their camps , at their meals and in their sleep .
As always , the ranks worked out new and better tactics , but there was brilliance in the way the field commands adopted these methods and in the way the army commanders incorporated them into their military thinking .
Sherman could never be accused of sticking too long with the old .
At such times Thomas wondered when and where a UNK would strike him .
That was a very absurd and annoying situation in which I was placed by W. UNK curious methods of handling me .
It need hardly be remarked that Thompson was not generally known for his UNK about keeping his social engagements , which makes his irritation in this letter all the more significant .
For them a box will be UNK enough .
Katie cannot mind your seeing them now ; ;
If otherwise , you will give me a pleasure .
Taking into account Thompson's capacity for UNK and the possibility of a wish to identify his own life with the UNK of other poets who had known unhappy loves , there can be no doubt about his genuine emotion for Katie King .
The poems which were addressed to her , while they are far more restrained than those of `` Love In UNK UNK '' , show no great technical advance over those of the `` UNK UNK '' group and are , if anything , somewhat more UNK .
Their interest remains chiefly UNK , for they throw some light on the utter despair which UNK Thompson in the spring and early summer of 1900 .
UNK UNK The Testament Of An Empire UNK , for example , Thompson found that there was `` too much UNK dialectic '' .
Yet UNK impressed him as a poet capable of `` sustained power , passion , or beauty '' , and he cited specific passages to illustrate not only these qualities but UNK command of imagery as well .
But he admired UNK `` subtle UNK '' and delighted in the UNK by which UNK Love becomes the most `` fatal '' UNK in `` Love The UNK '' .
UNK Army of UNK , totaling , it was claimed , 40,000 regular troops and UNK UNK of the UNK Corps , had invested UNK principal UNK on the north shore of the Black Sea , the fortress town of UNK , and was preparing to test the Turk by land and sea .
the energetic UNK , Roger De UNK , three year's UNK junior , to whom Nassau had taken a liking ; ;
In the great one's personal quarters , a portable house , almost every evening saw an elegant banquet or reception .
There's a man who never goes by the ordinary road but still arrives at his goal , who UNK gets himself into difficulty in order to get out of it with UNK , in a word a man who creates UNK for himself in order to appear a UNK in destroying them '' .
To help him do so The Prince had conferred control of his land forces on a soldier who was different from him in almost every respect save one : both were UNK of the UNK UNK serene .
He had a small mouth with deep UNK on either side , a large flat nose , and penetrating blue eyes .
But UNK face was also a theater of UNK , and his tough , stooping little frame was UNK embodied .
Like all Russians he was an emotional man , and in him the emotions UNK .
UNK contempt for UNK was UNK ; ;
For those little men with the short UNK , UNK polls , and top UNK UNK reserved a special esteem .
Potemkin -- as King UNK knew , and presently informed Littlepage -- looked on the UNK as UNK tools .
It was probably at this period that Littlepage got his first good look at the ordinary Russian soldier .
They emerged as UNK UNK in a faulty but formidable machine : shaved nearly naked , hair UNK , UNK , UNK , and best of all -- in the opinion of the British professional , Major UNK -- `` their minds are not UNK from the paths of obedience by those UNK of knowledge which only serve to lead to UNK and UNK '' .
At this moment Mando came UNK up to announce that the problem was solved and all Norton had to do was to sign a UNK of papers .
We saw it frequently afterward , but our suggestion for the very first encounter is near sunset .
More than twenty-four hundred years old , bruised , battered , worn and partially destroyed , combining to an astounding degree UNK and grace , it still stands , UNK testimony to man's UNK .
the atmosphere is that of an attractive private beach club at home .
This agreeable state of affairs is explicable , I think , on two counts .
The road , a comparatively new one , is very good , winding along UNK , UNK , and UNK of deep and brilliant blue .
There is a mediocre restaurant at UNK and I fed a thin little UNK cat and gave it two UNK of water -- there was no milk -- which it UNK up as though it were UNK .
We therefore leave the writer to the enjoyment of the UNK reputation which the personal abuse he has heaped on us will entitle him to from the low and vulgar herd to which he belongs '' .
The strategy worked perfectly .
Pike was stunned by the first blast against his character , which was published in the March 4th issue of The Gazette under the name `` UNK '' .
Without further inquiry , Pike jumped to the conclusion that Robinson was guilty , and , following the honorable route that would eventually lead to the UNK ground , sent a message to Robinson through his friends , demanding that he either confirm or deny his complicity .
Woodruff was furious .
He got a good fat job and we UNK him on his good luck .
From his first bout with the UNK Woodruff , Pike had learned that it was better not to attack him directly , so , UNK on the theme that the cost of printing was too high , he condemned the governor for permitting such a state of affairs to exist .
As a consequence , he did neither .
He was especially popular with women , for , like the romantic poetry he wrote , he was personally gracious , gallant , and UNK .
A UNK called him `` the UNK John the Baptist of New England UNK '' .
It had been whispered privately that she had smiled in the congregation , and the Governor UNK sent to UNK her business , and command , after punishment as the bench see fit , her departure and also anyone who brought her to the place from which she came ' '' .
When , in March , UNK , the two towns were united under UNK , Gorton claimed the union was irregular and UNK constituted and that it had never been sanctioned by the majority of UNK .
Then he became involved in a UNK remarkably similar to the one in Plymouth .
Since Rhode Island at that time did not have such sanction , his opinion was not popular .
Master Gorton , having UNK UNK high and low at UNK is now UNK and UNK poor Providence , both with his unclean and UNK UNK of all the ministers of this country ( for which myself have in Christ's name UNK him ) , and also denying all visible and external UNK in depth of UNK : almost all suck in his poison , as at first they did at UNK .
Some few and myself UNK his UNK and town privileges , without confession and UNK of his UNK and inhuman practices at UNK ; ;
Gorton and company , however , promptly bought land from UNK a few miles south of Pawtuxet , extending from the present UNK Point south to Warwick UNK and twenty miles UNK .
One historical authority presents UNK and UNK testimony tending to UNK suspicion that Massachusetts was behind the clouds settling down on the UNK Gorton .
UNK their livestock was taken and according to Gorton the soldiers were ordered to knock down anyone who should utter a word of insolence , and run through anyone who might step out of line .
When the UNK arrived in Boston , `` the UNK ( of their UNK ) went to prayers in the open streets , that the people might take notice what they had done in a holy manner , and in the name of the Lord '' .
`` Dr. Glenn , I've got a lot of blood '' , Fred spoke up , `` plenty of it .
That was in the days before blood banks , of course , and transfusions had to be given directly from donor to patient .
`` Why can't I , Doctor '' ? ?
It's too late now .
he was given the difference between that amount and $5000 .
But he had succeeded well , we agreed .
For years Papa and Mama had been large taxpayers .
`` UNK God , Julia '' ! !
I believe there are seventeen short plays by Tom now housed in the Houghton Library at Harvard ; ;
it was visiting University of North Carolina UNK in New York to ask them for contributions to the Graham Memorial Building fund .
The man , Tom said , explained that it was not only too long and detailed but that as it stood it wasn't the sort of thing the public wanted .
The basic difficulty , I suppose , was in my ultimate inability to feel a burden of sin from which I sought relief .
This doctrine was UNK to my moral sense .
and the doctrine of original sin is compounded of injustice .
UNK and Law are one and inseparable .
or to let the ethical be superseded by the UNK .
On the contrary it is my duty to make my own decision as between the two '' .
Perhaps it should have .
An uncompromising belief in the moral law has the advantage of making religion natural , even as physical law is natural .
This truth that the moral law is natural has other important UNK .
There is indeed a moral responsibility on man himself , for his own UNK sake , to respect lower life and to avoid the UNK of suffering , but this viewpoint Schweitzer rejects .
The Australian aborigine is the conventional UNK of UNK humanity ; ;
As our radius of penetration , R , increases , the area of new knowledge increases by Af , and the total of human knowledge becomes measured in terms of Af .
UNK grows .
Plato and Aristotle
When he turns briefly to literary style , in the Third Book , he again looks to the effect on the audience .
And with this point about the passions , we encounter Plato's UNK .
The same sort of thinking plays so large a part in both UNK and More , that we must examine it in some detail .
Plato's attitude toward poetry has always been something of an enigma , because he is so completely sensitive to its charm .
Once the poetic arts are separated from the other forms , he lays down his famous definition of tragedy , which sets up standards and so UNK direction to the remainder of the work .
And we can add that UNK interpretation of UNK is also one answer to Plato's fear that poetry will encourage our passions .
And , contrary to many popular UNK , the UNK chosen do not seem to us to be primarily oriented to UNK success nor to mere conformity .
Our students want UNK that permit them to use their talents and training , to be creative and original , to work with and to help other people .
For there is also the `` face of reality '' in the form of the individual's perceptions of his own abilities and interests , of the objective possibilities open to him , of the UNK and other social pressures to which he is exposed .
The interesting thing in this connection is that the norms upon which students tend to UNK include UNK of diversity .
To the extent that our sampling of the UNK of American college students in the years 1950 and 1952 may be representative of our culture -- and still valid in 1959 -- we are disposed to question the summary characterization of the current generation as silent , beat , UNK , or as a mass of UNK UNK who are guided solely by social radar without benefit of inner UNK .
Morgan himself had sciatica again .
A few days later it was learned that General Howe was planning an attack upon the American camp .
After UNK Morgan and the riflemen and saying he was UNK them to Congress , too , the ardent Frenchman added he felt that Congress should make some financial UNK to the widow and family of Morris , but that he knew Morgan realized how long such action usually required , if it was done at all .
Morgan UNK denied this and informed the Board of War that the men in camp linked the name of Peters with the plot against Washington .
Even the dignified Washington indulged in a game of UNK with some children .
UNK , however , this same General Smallwood seemed to be serving UNK as well as the American army .
Morgan took the suggested steps , but when Mrs. UNK appeared , there was nobody with her but her husband , whom he promptly sent to headquarters to be questioned .
For by now the original cause of the quarrel , UNK seizure of UNK , was only one strand in the UNK web of French interests that UNK all western Europe and that had been so well and closely spun that the UNK movement could set it trembling from one end to the other .
It is hard not to lay most of the blame for their failures on the pope .
They had risen from humble beginnings by their own UNK and UNK , they were unfettered by the codes that bound UNK like Othon or even the older generation of clerks like UNK , and they were working for an end that their opponents had never even UNK .
The younger men , UNK , and UNK , who was also Edward's cousin and whose UNK blood gave him the swarthy complexion that caused Edward of UNK UNK friend , UNK UNK , to nickname him `` Joseph the Jew '' , were relatively new to the game of diplomacy , but UNK had been on missions to Rome before , and UNK , a man of great learning , `` UNK in speech , agreeable to meet , of honest religion , and pleasing in the eyes of all '' , and an UNK to boot , was as reliable and experienced as Othon himself .
But all the reports of this first embassy show that the two UNK were the heads of it , for they were the only ones who were UNK to swear for the king that he would abide by the UNK decision and who were allowed to appoint deputies in the event that one was UNK absent .
Underneath all the UNK phrases of royal and papal letters and behind the more UNK instructions to the UNK was the inescapable fact that Edward would have to desert his Flemish allies and leave them to the vengeance of their indignant UNK , the king of France , in return for being given an equally free hand with the UNK Scots .
The store was their marriage , and when Alfred had to leave it there was nothing to hold them together .
Tessie , everybody thought , was a strong woman , but she was only strong because she had Alfred to lean on .
Alfred began to put his affairs in order , and he went about it like a man putting his things into storage .
The day Alfred left his home and UNK he gave up the convictions of a lifetime .
UNK he walked me back to UNK house without a word passing between us .
The car was waiting for him .
Alfred nodded a little nod and went out through the door .
Harry ran to the side of the car where Alfred was sitting and looked at him , begging him to speak .
He was a learned man and a very gentle soul .
They lived in the same house and it didn't seem to be such a hard thing to do , but the sad realities of UNK life and the fact that Meltzer didn't love her never satisfied my wishful thinking .
When the work was finished , we would walk .
When we went for our walks UNK brother would come along every once in a while .
Karl was an almost exact copy of his father physically and it was strange to see the expected become the unexpected .
He spoke no German but he could sing it and the words of the song were the only ones he knew in a foreign language .
The turn of the century , or to be more precise , the two decades UNK and following it , marks a great change in the history of early English scholarship .
And with the publication of E. T. UNK UNK Of The Anglo-Saxon UNK the student was presented with an organized synthesis of the archaeological data then known .
In sum , it can be said that the techniques and standards of present day have their origin at the turn of the century .
Following him in varying degrees of scepticism were UNK Shore , UNK UNK , Thomas UNK and F. G. UNK .
In the main stream of historical thinking is a group of scholars , UNK UNK , UNK UNK , Sir Frank UNK et UNK who are in varying degrees UNK of the native traditions of the conquest but who defend the catastrophic type of invasion suggested by them .
As a group they should be favorable to a concept of gradual Germanic infiltration although the specialist nature of much of their work , e.g. UNK , Gray and UNK , tends to obscure their sympathies .
It is no longer possible to say that a UNK attitude towards the received accounts of the invasions almost automatically produces a `` shore occupied by '' interpretation .
The primary reason for the abandonment of the `` shore occupied by '' thesis has been the assimilation and accumulation of archaeological evidence , the most striking feature of early English studies in this century .
Even earlier UNK had come to the same conclusion .
What they meant was that there was no evidence to show that the south and east coasts of Britain received Germanic settlers conspicuously earlier than some other parts of England .
Where there were none fifteen years ago , several scholars currently are edging their way cautiously towards the acceptance of the `` shore occupied by '' position .
He concluded that selective service would not only prevent the UNK of essential war industries but would avoid the undesirable moral effects of the British reliance on UNK only -- `` where the feeling of the people was whipped into a frenzy by girls UNK white feathers on reluctant young men , UNK preaching hate of the Germans , and newspapers exaggerating enemy UNK to make men enlist out of motives of revenge and retaliation '' .
Start to prepare the necessary legislation so that if I am obliged to go to Congress the bills will be ready for immediate consideration '' .
Democrat Stanley H. UNK , Chairman of the House Military Affairs Committee , declined to introduce the bill .
The world-wide total of deaths from `` Spanish flu '' was around twenty million ; ;
When the United States entered the First World War Baker made certain that the Draft Act of 1917 prohibited the sale of liquor to men in uniform and that it provided for broad UNK around the camps in which prostitution was outlawed .
UNK UNK `` UNK to fight '' UNK swept across the country and every well-known UNK district in the United States was closed , a hundred and ten of them .
This was the negative side of the situation .
The wholesome activities were to be provided by many organizations including the UNK , the UNK of Columbus , the Jewish Welfare Board , the American Library Association , and the UNK and Recreation Association -- private societies which voluntarily performed the job that was taken over almost entirely by the Special Services Division of the Army itself in World War 2 .
But we abide by their insight .
We see at once what Victor UNK means when he calls Macbeth a northern UNK of the house of UNK .
But it is true , nevertheless .
The wheel of social life spun around the royal or UNK UNK .
And the fate of such men has tragic relevance because it is public .
Until the UNK of rational UNK the controlling habits of the western mind were symbolic and UNK .
There can be no greater magic than to UNK from death her in whom the flesh was all , in whom beauty was entirely pure because it was entirely corruptible .
The Bishop of Gloucester described the elder Thomas in UNK as the richest UNK in his UNK , worth five hundred pounds a year in lands and goods .
His daughter UNK married UNK son UNK in UNK , and his son Henry married Mary Lane of Stratford in UNK .
UNK that if UNK might be had for 30 or 40 a lease & might be procured '' .
UNK Quiney wrote to his son Richard on October 29 and again perhaps the next day , since the bearer of the letter , the bailiff , was expected to reach London on November 1 .
Baker wrote : `` I UNK order with Sr. E. UNK for the payment of UNK UNK UNK his going UNK London .
Baker added : `` I pray you UNK these UNK Letters And UNK mee to Mr. UNK UNK UNK I know will UNK mee for the payment of this UNK '' .
A court may strike down a law on the basis of an intuitive feeling that the law is UNK to the numerical majority .
Here was another indispensable tool .
This is not to assume that his work was without merit , but the validity of his assumptions concerning the meaning of history must always be considered against this background of an UNK approach .
Such UNK are frequently encountered in his essay on the suppression of the UNK during the English UNK .
All of UNK work reflects this dogmatic characteristic .
Religion without supernaturalism
But it was nothing more than that .
Students of anthropology and comparative religion had long been aware that there was , indeed , a direct connection .
Doctrine was not only mysterious ; ;
The relic worship and UNK of the Middle Ages were more advanced forms than were primitive UNK worship and nature myths .
Yet , the idea imbedded in each was identical : to surround the unknown with mystery and to isolate that class which had been given special dominion over the secrets of God .
Stephens had written his classic `` incidents of travel '' about these regions a hundred years before , and UNK , who had studied UNK in London and the great ruins of Egypt and Greece , had drawn the splendid illustrations that accompanied the text .
He was a captain , he said , in the army , and on the train to New York his purse and all his money had been stolen , and would I lend him twenty-five dollars to be given him at the General UNK window ? ?
Then he began to have UNK fits .
We found that a UNK society in New York had a long UNK of the two ; ;
Two or three times , C. C. UNK came to lunch with us in Weston , that wonderful man who lived to be more than a hundred years old and whose birthplace had been my Wall Street suburb .
but I liked to think of him at ninety swimming and working at Key West long after UNK had moved to Cuba .
I had to confess that I had missed these UNK , recently discovered , that he had studied in his UNK .
I should have replied , `` I probably know something about the best part of you '' .
And that was the end .
They would go to New York together , where parties would be piled on UNK and on misery .
`` This whole Washington venture was my last gesture , and it has failed .
8
He had been , he wrote UNK at once , `` in the country '' , a UNK for an experience that had not greatly changed him .
She was occupying herself in an attempt to write an article about the variety of houses that they had rented abroad .
Nevertheless , Mrs. Lewis was still UNK of his condition : let him do as he wished , let him sleep with UNK if he must , but , she begged Blackman , try to keep him from drinking a great deal and bring him back in good health .
Blackman had brought news from Kansas City .
Of course the principal factor in the whole experience was the kind of education he received .
It differed from what an undergraduate receives today from any American college or university mainly in the certainty of what he was forced to learn compared with the loose and widely scattered information obtained today by most of our undergraduates .
He had also learned to dispute UNK remarkably well , the main evidence for which of course is the presence of his name in the honors list of UNK .
His statements about sports and exercises of a physical nature are suggestive , but UNK .
But these prolusions that we have surviving from the Christ's College days are only one phase of his existence then .
but even in that famous passage , Milton was aiming not at the UNK as such but at their performance by ' persons either UNK , or presently to enter into the ministry .
Childhood's End -- apparently indebted to UNK UNK Utopian romance , UNK UNK UNK ( UNK ) , and also to Wells's UNK Of The Future , especially , The World UNK Free ( 1914 ) and The UNK Of Things To Come ( 1933 ) -- describes the UNK conquest of earth by the UNK , vastly superior creatures who come to our world in order to prepare the human race for its next stage of development , an eventual merging with the composite mind of the universe .
A more complete list would also include UNK `` The UNK '' ( 1951 ) , Philip K. UNK UNK UNK ( 1955 ) , David UNK One ( 1953 ) , Wilson UNK The Long UNK Silence ( 1952 ) , Jack UNK To UNK UNK ( 1956 ) , Gore UNK UNK ( 1954 ) , and Bernard UNK UNK ( 1952 ) , as well as the three perhaps most outstanding dystopias , UNK Pohl and C. M. UNK The Space Merchants ( 1953 ) , UNK UNK Player Piano ( 1952 ) , and John UNK UNK ( 1953 ) , works which we will later examine in detail .
and the atmosphere is so UNK that no one UNK walk in the open without UNK or UNK UNK .
A mind expressing itself in words may reveal itself a little less obviously as old or young .
Let me then ( and in public ) glance into the mirror .
but I am so aware of an uninterrupted continuity of the UNK or ego that I see only as absurd the tendency of some psychologists from UNK to UNK and UNK to regard consciousness as no more than a flux amid which nothing remains unchanged .
So far as I am concerned , the child is unmistakably father to the man , despite the obvious fact that child and father differ greatly -- sometimes for the better and sometimes for the worse .
There was , it seems to me , enough in the openly declared principles and intentions of Russian leaders to UNK honorable men without their having to wait to see how it would turn out .
Not only his UNK , but the whole town and , ultimately , the whole county were enormously impressed by this object lesson .
Despite these facts the question `` : :
For here if anywhere in contemporary literature is a major effort to UNK UNK and restore some of its former UNK to the UNK image of the species Man , or , as Malraux himself puts it , `` to make men conscious of the grandeur they ignore in themselves '' .
The work as it stands is not the entire book that Malraux wrote at that time -- it is only the first section of a UNK novel called La UNK UNK UNK ; ;
and this first section was somehow preserved ( there are always these annoying little mysteries about the actual facts of Malraux's life ) when the UNK destroyed the rest .
Even so apparently impartial a critic as W. H. UNK has taken for granted that the book was originally intended as a piece of UNK propaganda ; ;
Nothing , however , could be farther from the truth .
The narrator is an UNK serving with the French Army , and he has the same name ( Berger ) that Malraux himself was later to use in the UNK ; ;
These UNK UNK are obvious , and far too much time has been spent UNK on their possible implications .
`` He was not much older than myself , '' writes the narrator , `` when he began to feel the impact of that human mystery which now UNK me , and which makes me begin , perhaps , to understand him '' .
'' Finally , after almost being beaten to death by a UNK -- he could not fight back because UNK are sacred to UNK -- he throws up his mission and returns to Europe .
This has been his first encounter with mankind , and , although he has now become a legendary figure in the popular European press , it leaves him profoundly dissatisfied .
`` For six years my father had had to do too much commanding and convincing , '' writes the narrator , `` not to understand that man begins with ' the other ' '' .
The United States might well have exploited the opportunity provided by the European UNK Program to push the UNK European nations toward political UNK as well as economic cooperation , but all proposals to this effect were rejected by the United States Government at the time .
Besides its historical significance as a break with the UNK tradition of British UNK , Britain's move , if successful , will constitute an historic UNK of the first importance in the movement toward the unification of Europe and the Western world .
UNK these hopes and UNK is a conviction that the nations of the North Atlantic area do indeed form a community , at least a potential community .
what is new and compelling is that the West is now but one of several powerful UNK , or `` systems '' , and that one or more of the others may pose a mortal danger to the West .
Rexroth is a UNK jazz buff , a UNK of jazz heroes , and a student of traditional as well as modern jazz .
In San Francisco he has worked with UNK Moore , Charlie UNK , and other `` swinging '' musicians of secure reputation , thus placing himself within established jazz traditions , in addition to being a part of the San Francisco `` School '' .
Beauty as well as love is UNK , and Patchen UNK a kind of moral salvation .
The private detective must rely , as the UNK Son or UNK Hero does in primitive myth , on his wits .
But since 1945 , Sam Spade has undergone a UNK ; ;
The differentiation between the East Coast and West Coast schools of jazz , the differences between the `` hard UNK '' school of UNK , and the `` cerebral '' experiments of Tristano , UNK and Marsh , the general differences in the mores of white and Negro musicians , all had become fairly well known to certain segments of the public .
the accent is on UNK rather than arrangements .
In order to write with authority either about musicians , or as a musician , Patchen would have to soft pedal his characteristically outspoken anger , and change ( at least for the purposes of this poetry ) from a revolutionary to a victim .
This involves a shift in Patchen's attitude and it is a first step toward writing a new jazz poetry .
Perhaps tracing some of these more important symbols through the body of his work will show that Patchen's new poetry is well thought out , and remains within the UNK of his work , while being suited to a new form .
Henry Miller characterized Patchen as a `` man of anger and light '' .
His revolutionary anger is apparent in most of his early poems .
I do not want to UNK about UNK ; ;
in a certain sense , one manner of experience will be typical of any given group while another will not .
Only a native New Yorker could believe that New York is now or ever was a literary center .
he displays what UNK call the New York mind , a state that the subject is necessarily unable to perceive in himself .
Krim says , in short , that he is a suffering Jew .
Had Krim gone farther from New York than Chapel Hill , he might have discovered that large numbers of American Jews do not find his New York version of the UNK lot UNK recognizable .
More important is the simple human point that all men suffer , and that it is a kind of UNK pride on the part of the Jew to believe that his suffering is more poignant than mine or anyone else's .
And again , `` how can you write when you haven't yet read ' UNK The UNK ' '' ? ?
Krim came to believe that `` the novel as a form had UNK its vital meaning '' .
The work for UNK was more satisfying than work for UNK `` because of the UNK UNK fear of making a UNK '' .
Both magazines were `` rigid with reactionary UNK S. UNK UNK ? ?
What Krim ignores , in his contempt for history and for accuracy , is that these magazines , Partisan foremost , brought about a genuine revolution in the American mind from the UNK to approximately 1950 .
When Partisan and UNK set up shop , UNK was still accepted as an arbiter of taste ( remember UNK ? ?
over , the , country -- .
if it had never printed a word of literature its contribution to the UNK area would still be historic .
The Italians felt it .
He was interested in UNK UNK .
It was going to be hard going all the way because he hadn't written seriously for a while , except for a few stories , was tired of the old method of UNK he had so successfully used in The UNK Is Red .
This one was going to be different .
He had bought a little piece of property down along the coast of the hard country of UNK that he knew so well .
So did his friend , the young novelist UNK .
Around that statue in the green park where children play and lovers walk in UNK and there is a glowing view of the whole city , in that park are the rows of marble UNK of Garibaldi's fallen men , the ones who one day rushed out of the UNK San UNK and , under fire all the way , up the long , straight narrow lane to take , then lose the high ground of the UNK UNK UNK .
We had walked it many times and shivered , figuring what a fish barrel it had been for the French .
He said it was stupid butchery to order men to make a charge like that , no matter who gave the order and what for .
I thought : Who is older now ? ?
UNK -- a village crossroads .
) And then there were ecclesiastical matters , the matter of Garibaldi's UNK .
This would show that somebody , even a foreigner living in Rome , cared .
Were any of us interested enough in the idea to do it for her , by proxy so to speak ? ?
I had some reasons , too .
This UNK , including weekly statistical supplements , is available for $4 per year from Commerce Field Offices or UNK of UNK , U.S. Government UNK Office , Washington 25 , D.C. .
SBA UNK these courses with educational institutions and community groups .
product and market developments ; ;
Production assistance
These problems frequently arise where a firm is making items for the Government not directly along the lines of its normal civilian business or where the Government specifications require operations that the firm did not understand when it undertook the contract .
SBA works closely with the principal property disposal installations of the Federal Government in reviewing proposed sales programs and UNK those types of property that small business concerns are most likely to be interested in purchasing .
UNK property sales of general interest to small business concerns are publicized through SBA regional news releases , and by `` UNK '' directed to the small business concerns .
Contact
to small business
the purchase of equipment , facilities , machinery , supplies , or materials ; ;
Loan amount
the term of loans for working capital is 6 years .
Boston , Mass. ; ;
Chicago , Ill. ; ;
Richmond , Va. ; ;
Small Business Administration , What It Is , What It Does ; ;
and Small Business UNK are available , on request , from Small Business Administration , Washington 25 , D.C. , and its regional offices .
This system provides UNK and short-term credit to farmers and their cooperative marketing , purchasing , and business service organizations .
UNK of loans
For further information , contact the Bank for Cooperatives serving the region , or the Farm Credit Administration , Research and Information Division , Washington 25 , D.C. .
Only rarely is attention given to accurate progress reports and evaluation .
First , we can encourage responsibility by establishing as conditions for assistance on a substantial and sustained scale the definition of objectives and the assessment of costs .
It must be recognized that countries at different stages of development have very different capabilities of meeting such conditions .
U.S. aid , therefore , should increasingly be designed to provide UNK for countries to take the steps that only they themselves can take .
Aid advice is not interference
Once we have made clear that we are genuinely concerned with a country's development potential , we can be blunt in suggesting the technical conditions that must be met for development to occur .
The major areas of self-help are the following : ( A ) the effective UNK of resources .
fiscal and monetary policies designed to prevent serious inflation ; ;
( B ) the reduction of dependence on external sources .
For both economic and political reasons all segments of the population must be able to share in the growth of a country .
In many societies , what we regard as corruption , favoritism , and personal influence are so accepted as consistent with the mores of UNK and so integral a part of routine administrative practice that any attempt to force their elimination will be regarded by the local leadership as not only UNK but unfriendly .
A requirement of reasonably honest administration may be politically uncomfortable in the short run , but it is politically essential in the long run .
But there will be still other countries where , despite the UNK of the level of self-help , we shall UNK it wise , for political or military reasons , to give substantial economic assistance .
Many of the individual projects for which development assistance is required call for expenditures over lengthy periods .
or a skilled labor force is trained before there are plants available in which they can be employed .
For the dignity , the influence , and the power of the legislative branch of our Government -- it is a privilege for us to do honor to this great man who represents not alone his own district but all the people of our country .
He is most effective in the ordinary business of the House , and in the legislative accomplishments of this session , he easily rose to great occasion -- even at the height of UNK and exciting legislative struggle -- and as the Nation witnessed these contests , he rose , even as admitted by those who differed with him , to the proportions of a hero and a noble partisan .
It is a matter of deep personal satisfaction for me to add my voice to the great and distinguished chorus of my colleagues in this UNK of praise , respect , and affection for Speaker Sam Rayburn .
In this hour of crisis , the wisdom , the dedication , the stabilizing force that he represents in current American government is an almost indispensable source of strength .
In the same way I like to think we owe our loyalty as legislators to our community , our district , our State .
For what Sam Rayburn's life in this House teaches us is that loyalty and character are not divisive and there is no such thing as being for your country and neglecting your district .
UNK policies include : ( A ) kinds of cars the state should own , ( B ) when cars should be traded , ( C ) the need and assignment of vehicles , ( D ) use of cars in lieu of mileage allowances , ( E ) employees taking cars home , and ( F ) need for liability insurance on state automobiles .
The state purchases and UNK grades of cars according to need and position status of driver and use of vehicle .
( 6 )
UNK allowances for state employees are of two types : ( A ) actual mileage and ( B ) fixed monthly allowances .
They have a great advantage in ease of UNK time and payment .
general background .
This responsibility included all phases of management .
It met these problems by the creation of the state automobile maintenance unit ( more popularly called the motor pool ) , a centralized operation for the maintenance and control of all state transportation .
The motor pool is a completely centralized and mechanized operation .
UNK on this figure and considering depreciation costs of vehicles , pool personnel have determined that travel in excess of 10,000 miles annually is more economical by state car than by payment of allowances for use of UNK vehicles .
At the same time there has been an UNK and expansion of municipal services as well .
UNK of property .
Rhode Island law UNK that all real estate is taxable in the town in which it is situated .
One UNK checked boats only , another trailers and tractors , one mentioned house trailers , and two others referred to trailers without UNK the type .
Seven others expressed no opinion .
The need for greater knowledge is evident from their replies .
UNK more than 5,000 boats were registered with the Coast Guard prior to the recent passage of the state boating law .
With minor exceptions , this expansion was instituted either by firms based in Rhode Island or out-of-state manufacturers already operating here .
UNK and UNK of industry in Rhode Island is the direct responsibility of the Development Council's Industrial Division , and the figures quoted above indicate a successful year's operation .
Aids to small business
UNK is rendered to interested Rhode Island businessmen concerning interpretation of bid invitations , where to obtain specifications , and UNK concerning qualification .
UNK advertising was mainly concentrated in the New York Times and the Wall Street Journal ( Eastern and UNK editions ) which averaged two prominent ads per month , and to a lesser degree the New York Herald Tribune and , for the west coast , the Los Angeles Times and the Wall Street Journal ( Pacific Coast edition ) .
The 1960 advertising campaign brought a total of UNK inquiries ; ;
New York led in the number of inquiries , followed by California , New Jersey , Massachusetts , and Pennsylvania .
More than UNK copies have been sent out to prospective clients .
( 6 )
UNK state planning
Basic mapping
UNK
The urban land use study carried out by the planning division staff has consisted of UNK and mapping all urban land uses which are of significance to statewide planning .
Unlike cities and towns , however , they do not have to submit any financial statements to the state Bureau of UNK .
The other four states end on varying dates : Alabama ( Sept. 30 ) , New York ( March 31 ) , Pennsylvania ( May 31 ) , and Texas ( August 31 ) .
5 .
It may be by bank loans , sale of notes or warrants , or by the somewhat casual method of issuance and registration of warrants .
Its elimination would result in the saving of interest costs , heavy when short-term money rates are high , and in freedom from dependence on credit which is not always available when needed most .
Both the federal and state governments UNK their fiscal years on July 1 .
The latter matter is considered in detail in a later section .
UNK cities and towns in Rhode Island presently indicate some plans to establish a uniform and/or coordinated fiscal tax year calendar .
No change is required for these towns .
All of these towns will require adjustments of both their fiscal and tax collection years .
The Independence Day celebration will be properly observed with a big military and civic parade from West Warwick to the Greene UNK in Anthony ; ;
The Miss Rhode Island Pageant is sponsored by the Rhode Island Junior Chamber of Commerce as a part of the UNK search for the typical American girl -- a Miss America from Rhode Island .
UNK realized from these UNK are used by the UNK to help support their various youth , health , welfare and community UNK activities throughout the state .
UNK Thanksgiving Day by John A. Notte , Jr. , Governor
And as the Pilgrims bowed their heads in humble gratitude , they shared another feeling -- the anticipation of what the future held for them and their posterity .
With world peace constantly being threatened , most of us regard the future UNK , and even with fear .
and ( E )
In carrying out his functions under Section 2 of this Act , the Secretary may -- ( A )
make research and training grants ; ;
assemble and maintain pertinent and current scientific literature , both domestic and foreign , and issue UNK data with respect thereto ; ;
( 3 )
As used in this section -- ( 1 )
the term `` State '' includes the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and any possession of the United States ; ;
UNK September 26 , 1961 .
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to establish and maintain a program of UNK payments to small domestic producers of lead and zinc UNK and concentrates in order to UNK the mining of lead and zinc by small domestic producers on public , Indian , and other lands as provided in this Act .
( B )
( C )
During fiscal year 1960 , seven courses were conducted : UNK of UNK to Pathology , UNK Pathology , Pathology of UNK of Laboratory UNK , Pathology of the UNK Regions , UNK Pathology , UNK Sciences Symposium , and UNK Pathology .
B .
The Institute is engaged in an extensive program of UNK scientific research in both morphological and experimental pathology .
UNK of UNK ; ;
and hip UNK in dogs .
Also , the Defense Atomic UNK Agency sponsored a long-range study at this Institute on the response of massive suspension cultures of mammalian cells to acute radiation .
The Emergency Medical Treatment Unit , Phase 1 ; ;
Fifty lantern slide teaching sets on the subject of `` Emergency War UNK ( NATO ) '' were assembled and distributed to the Medical Military Services of foreign Governments associated with NATO and UNK Asia Treaty Organization .
This consists of 25 individual UNK , two of which were added during fiscal years UNK ( The UNK Of UNK Pathology and The UNK UNK UNK ) .
The American UNK Of Pathology operates as a cooperative enterprise in medical research and education between the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology and the civilian medical profession on a national and international basis , under such conditions as may be agreed upon between the National Research Council and The UNK General of the Army , Navy , and Air Force .
Of the UNK exhibits ( of all types ) shown , UNK were new or UNK .
During fiscal years 1959 and 1960 , there were UNK visitors to the Museum .
The Council on National Defense of the American Medical Association contributed a brief article to each issue entitled , `` This Is Your A.M.A. '' .
The use of 100 instead of UNK substance paper plus the adoption of side UNK beginning with the May 1960 issue reduced costs sufficiently to allow completion of the fiscal year with nearly UNK in UNK funds .
Two special issues were published , one for November 1959 on Space UNK , the other the UNK Anniversary issue for January 1960 .
This agreement is considered very good for such short time intervals .
The method of calibration employs a fixed resistance element as a UNK .
The opening action is obtained when a UNK , charged to high voltage , is suddenly discharged through the foil .
Very small concentrations of these UNK should be detectable ; ;
Since conventional methods are UNK at the low frequencies of these molecular transitions , the paramagnetic resonance method is being used instead .
Success in observing these spectral lines has so far , apparently , been confined to the laboratory ; ;
This has been attributed to helium film flow in the vapor pressure thermometer .
During the last week of march 1961 , Columbus , Ohio was the site of the Fourth Symposium on Temperature , Its UNK And Control In Science And Industry .
Atomic energy levels .
UNK evidence that the claimant and any such attorney have agreed to the amount of the UNK fees shall be conclusive upon the Commission : UNK , however , That the total amount of the fees so agreed upon does not exceed 10 per centum of the total amount paid pursuant to the award .
( I )
There are hereby created in the Treasury of the United States ( 1 ) a special fund to be known as the Yugoslav Claims Fund ; ;
The Secretary of the Treasury is authorized and directed to cover into -- ( 1 )
( 3 )
And the solutions to the problems of the commuter lines have been equally varied , ranging all the way from Government ownership to complete UNK of this important service .
The freight traffic most susceptible to UNK by the C. & O. - B. & O. provides the UNK of UNK revenues .
Then , abandoning the studies in the face of their promising outlook for all concerned , B. & O. entered UNK negotiations with C. & O. which resulted in the present situation .
.
``
It would be the most severe UNK , short of declared war , that the United States could UNK against Castro .
More than 36 other big Navy ships are no less than a day's sailing time away .
So would radar picket ships .
The first part of the new structure -- that for supporting the basic program of vocational rehabilitation services -- is described in this Section .
method of distributing funds
Multiply the population of each State by the square of its allotment percentage .
Determine if the particular State's unadjusted allotment ( result obtained in item 11 above ) is less than its minimum ( base ) allotment , and if so raise its unadjusted allotment to its minimum allotment .
Regardless of its unadjusted allotment , each State is guaranteed by law a minimum allotment each year equal to the allotment which it received in fiscal year 1954 -- increased by a uniform percentage of UNK which brings total 1954 allotments to all States up to UNK .
The following steps are employed in the calculations : 1 .
( UNK 40 by the amount used in item 2 above .
) 4 .
The outside UNK space is filled by UNK blocks on edge .
The first one or two roof boards ( marked `` E '' in fig. 6 ) are slipped into place across the roof beams , from outside the shelter .
The roof blocks are in two layers and are not UNK together .
These blocks are sold in various sizes so it seldom is necessary to cut a block to fit .
It would have to be covered with at least 28 inches of UNK gravel .
A contractor probably would be required to help build it .
The National Lumber Manufacturers Association , Washington , D. C. , is developing plans to utilize specially treated lumber for underground shelter construction .
UNK concrete shelter
UNK .
Some will go around a corner .
With a spare battery , a source of light for 2 weeks or more would be assured .
A UNK radio is essential .
One instrument thus would serve both purposes .
How soon you may go UNK ; ;
There should be a task for everyone and these tasks should be rotated .
However , as much time as possible should be spent within the shelter to hold radiation exposure to a minimum .
The UNK place is the basement corner least exposed to windows and deepest below ground .
In general , such apartments afford more protection than smaller buildings because their walls are thick and there is more space .
A former Du Pont official became a General Motors vice president and set about maximizing Du Pont's share of the General Motors market .
Within a few years various Du Pont manufactured items were filling the entire requirements of from four to seven of General UNK eight operating divisions .
The fact that sticks out in this UNK record is that the bulk of Du Pont's production has always supplied the largest part of the requirements of the one customer in the automobile industry connected to Du Pont by a stock interest .
Indeed , as already noted , the Court proceeded on the assumption that the executives involved in the dealings between Du Pont and General Motors acted `` UNK and fairly '' and exercised their business judgment only to serve what they deemed the best interests of their own companies .
that these products constituted a `` line of commerce '' within the meaning of the Clayton Act ; ;
International Salt Co. v. United States , UNK U. S. UNK , UNK '' .
that the tremendous volume of General Motors stock hanging over the market for ten years would hamper the efforts of General Motors and other automobile manufacturers to raise equity capital ; ;
While it is easy enough to ridicule UNK UNK in UNK Of The UNK from a metaphysical point of view , the concept of the `` UNK '' of a married couple may reflect an UNK belief that the communion between husband and wife is such that their actions are not always to be regarded by the criminal law as if there were no marriage .
By making UNK in the name of law enforcement into the protection which Congress has afforded to the marriage relationship , the Court today continues in the path charted by the recent decision in UNK v. United States , UNK U.S. UNK , where the Court held that , under the circumstances of that case , a wife could be compelled to testify against her husband over her objection .
and his conviction is sustained .
Petitioner was not denied due process in the administrative proceedings , because the statement in question was in his file , to which he had access , and he had opportunities to rebut it both before the hearing officer of the Department of Justice and before the appeal board .
UNK C. UNK argued the cause and filed a brief for petitioner .
On the brief were UNK General Rankin , Assistant Attorney General UNK , Beatrice UNK and J. F. Bishop .
On March 21 , 1957 , however , the Department recommended approval of the 1-a classification .
The appeal board , however , unanimously UNK in the Department's recommendation .
Apparently he never took the trouble to find out .
He alleged no specific procedural errors or evidence withheld ; ;
Moreover , the hearing officer's report is but UNK , is directed to the Attorney General and , of course , is not the recommendation of the Department .
Hence the petitioner had full opportunity to UNK the only conclusions of the Department on file with the Board .
In addition , petitioner has failed to show any particular need for the report and notes .
But this is fully answered by United States v. UNK , UNK .
We can no longer rely on UNK machinery `` somewhere upstairs '' to resolve differences between this and other departments .
While observing the operations of our Government in various parts of the world , I have felt that in many situations where our policies were good we have tended to ignore minor problems which spoiled our main effort .
He is expected to supervise , to encourage , to direct , to assist in any way he can .
The policy officer lives with his UNK UNK for the questions which fall within his range of responsibility .
UNK it over with his colleagues and in his own mind , he reaches a tentative identification of the question -- tentative because it may change as he UNK it further and because , if no UNK answer can be found , it may have to be changed into one which can be answered .
Meanwhile he has been thinking about the facts surrounding the problem , facts which he knows can never be complete , and the general background , much of which has already been lost to history .
He knows that he must give the expert his place , but he knows that he must also keep him in it .
How and at what stage and in what sequence are other governments to be consulted ? ?
Is the matter one for the United Nations or some other international body ? ?
He is interested in public opinion for two reasons : first , because it is important in itself , and , second , because he knows that the American public cares about a decent respect for the opinions of mankind .
For UNK to the U.S. , volunteers should be given some separation allowance at the end of their overseas service , based on the length of time served .
The Peace Corps , therefore , offers an opportunity to add a new dimension to our approach to the world -- an opportunity for the American people to think anew and start UNK in their participation in world development .
Within a year or two several thousand might be in service .
There would , however , be a variety of other skills -- medical , agricultural , engineering -- which would be called for in the first year through the private agency programs and through the provision of technician UNK to existing development projects .
In presenting it to other governments and to the United Nations , we could propose that every nation consider the formation of its own peace corps and that the United Nations sponsor the idea and form an international UNK committee .
In any case , our Peace Corps personnel should be offered as technician UNK in development projects of the U.N. and other international agencies .
Our own freedom , and the future of freedom around the world , depend , in a very real sense , on their ability to build growing and independent nations where men can live in dignity , liberated from the bonds of hunger , ignorance and poverty .
To meet this urgent need for skilled manpower we are proposing the establishment of a Peace Corps -- an organization which will recruit and train American volunteers , sending them abroad to work with the people of other nations .
This organization will differ from existing assistance programs in that its members will supplement technical advisers by offering the specific skills needed by developing nations if they are to put technical advice to work .
They will help provide the skilled manpower necessary to carry out the development projects planned by the host governments , acting at a working level and serving at great personal sacrifice .
The total adverse impact of disease , insects , fire , weather , destructive animals , and other forces on the uses and values of forest resources is not generally recognized .
This can be accomplished substantially by a continued trend toward better facilities and techniques for fire control and more resources to cope with critical fire periods , and a more intensive application of a program of prevention , detection , and control of insect and disease infestations .
The work will consist of : 1 .
4 .
This is to be accomplished by nearly doubling the present level of preventive effort , detection , skilled UNK UNK , and equipment use .
These are mostly through highways that carry traffic going from one destination to another .
The long-range objective of this Department is to provide and maintain a system of forest development roads and trails which will adequately service the National Forest System at the levels needed to meet expected needs and optimum production of products and services .
For the year UNK this means UNK ( A ) the protection requirements of a UNK producing at least 200 million UNK of water each year , ( B ) recreation and wildlife resources used each year by UNK million visitors , ( C ) a timber resource supporting an annual cut of 21 billion board feet , and ( D ) 60 million acres of UNK .
2 .
-- This budget will provide in the fiscal year 1961 for the continued support of our forces at approximately the present level -- a UNK strength of UNK men and women in the active forces .
I strongly recommend to the Congress the avoidance of mandatory floors on the size of the reserve components so that we may have the flexibility to make adjustments in keeping with military necessity .
I again proposed a reduction in the Army National Guard and Army Reserve -- from their present strengths of UNK and 300,000 , respectively , to UNK and UNK by the end of the fiscal year 1961 .
Military personnel costs .
Also , the program for fleet modernization will be stepped up in 1961 causing an increase in expenditures .
In total , these increases in operating costs UNK the savings that result from declining programs and from economy measures , such as reduced numbers of units and installations , smaller inventories of major equipment , and improvements in the supply and distribution systems of the Armed Forces .
UNK for UNK are estimated at about the same level as in 1960 .
As I have repeatedly stated , this provision is much more restrictive than the general law , popularly known as the UNK American Act .
UNK in this category are the Jupiter and Thor intermediate range ballistic missiles , which have been successfully developed , produced , and UNK , but the relative importance of which has diminished with the increasing availability of the Atlas intercontinental ballistic missile .
The impact of technological factors is also illustrated by the history of the high-energy fuel program .
The cost of developing a major weapon system is now so enormous that the greatest care must be exercised in selecting new systems for development , in determining the most satisfactory rate of development , and in deciding the proper time at which either to place a system into production or to abandon it .
The Strategic Air Command is the principal element of our long-range nuclear capability .
The UNK UNK UNK is planned to be operational about UNK .
However , I am recommending that development work on the B-70 UNK and engines be continued .
Under this Agreement the first annual review of rice UNK will be made in August 1960 .
In the event that agreement is not reached on the use of the rupees for grant or loan purposes within six years from the date of this Agreement , the Government of the United States of America may use the local currency for any purposes authorized by Section 104 of the Act .
The agreement shall enter into force upon signature .
For the government of the United States of America :
UNK will be mutually agreeable to the Export-Import Bank of Washington and the Government of India acting through the Department of Economic Affairs of the Ministry of Finance .
With respect to Article 2 , , paragraphs 1 ( B ) and 1 ( C ) : UNK of Section 104 ( E ) and Section 104 ( G ) rupees : The Government of India will use the amount of rupees granted or UNK to it by the United States pursuant to paragraphs 1 ( B ) and 1 ( C ) for projects to promote economic development with emphasis upon the agricultural sector including food reserve storage structures and facilities as may from time to time be agreed upon by the authorized representatives of the United States and the authorized representatives of the Government of India , in the following sectors : A .
( 2 )
Because of the difference between daytime and nighttime propagation conditions , it has been necessary to evolve different allocation structures for daytime and nighttime broadcasting in the AM band , with many more stations operating during the day than at night .
These curves were derived by an analysis of extensive skywave measurement data .
Since broadcast frequencies are very limited in number , these objectives are to some extent inconsistent in that not all of them can be fully realized , and to the extent that each is realized , there is a corresponding reduction of the possibilities for fullest achievement of the others .
With respect to other frequencies , these are designated as regional or local , and assigned for use by class 3 , and class 4 , stations , respectively , stations operating generally with lower power .
9 .
Since then , there has been a notable increase in the number of stations and also the accumulation of additional data and the development of new techniques for using it , leading to a better understanding of propagation phenomena .
The same is true if you have UNK your deductions and later decide you should have used the Standard UNK or Tax Table .
Saturday , Sunday , or holiday .
UNK are not granted as a matter of course , and the reasons for your request must be substantial .
An extension of 2 months beyond the regular due date for filing is also available to taxpayers making returns for a fiscal year .
When payment is due .
If payment is by cash , you should ask for a UNK .
) From this amount deduct the items indicated below .
UNK deduct all ordinary and necessary expenses attributable to a trade or business .
If you hold property for the production of UNK or UNK you UNK , in computing Adjusted Gross Income , ordinary and necessary expenses and certain other deductions attributable to the property .
)
UNK .
Since you contributed more than half of his support , you may also claim an exemption for him on your return .
If your child works for you , you may deduct reasonable wages you paid to him for services he rendered in your business .
You may deduct these payments even though your child uses the money to purchase his own clothing or other necessities which you are normally obligated to furnish him , and even though you may be entitled to his services .
The one- or UNK hunt , of which there have been too many recently , may do more harm than good ; ;
They are chosen by the Foundation's Board of Trustees on the bases of their own UNK accomplishments in their different fields of scholarship and the arts .
It gives , indeed , cause for rejoicing to remember what many UNK of the past produced ; ;
and his genius moved his readers to seek solutions of those evils for all Western men -- until today -- , in the industrialized West , these social evils substantially do not exist .
During the year 1959 , we granted UNK UNK ; ;
That development , in turn , formed the foundation of still more significant UNK in later years -- in gear cutting , in circular graduating , in index drilling , and in many other fields where accuracy was a paramount requirement .
This process neither satisfied the urgent production schedules nor Mr. Brown's imagination of the possibilities in the situation .
UNK increased
Our new UNK ring twister for glass fiber yarns is performing well in our UNK mills .
These machines are designed to provide higher operating speeds , larger yarn packages , and greater flexibility of application to different types of yarn .
This machine was demonstrated in two textile machinery UNK last year and was well received by the industry .
This new machine takes up UNK yarn from UNK or UNK and winds large packages at speeds up to UNK feet per minute .
Our plan is to keep abreast of these advances , and select for development those fields which seem most promising for our special capabilities .
All operations now carried on at our plant at Cranston will be transferred to Warwick .
In addition , land has been purchased to permit doubling the size of the plant in the future .
Musical activities
The UNK Club is open to all students and faculty with no UNK necessary for membership .
Religious activities
These services at which attendance is voluntary are led by the UNK , by the President of the College , by selected faculty members , students , and visitors .
The service is brief and variety in forms of worship is practiced .
Occasional meetings are held for the whole membership , usually with a guest speaker , while smaller discussion groups meet more frequently .
to encourage the practice of attending the theater ; ;
A faculty committee on athletics , responsible to the faculty as a whole , exercises control over the athletic program of the College .
Membership consists of both UNK and experienced players .
UNK are held regularly and the schedule of games is prepared by the student coach and the officers of the club .
The UNK Club , open to students proficient in UNK , presents the Annual Spring UNK UNK , and during the year it offers speakers , movies , breakfast rides , and trips to broaden their knowledge of the sport .
UNK Club participates in a dual tennis tournament with the University of Minnesota each fall , and also sponsors a two-day state UNK tennis meet at Carleton in May .
in addition to the miscellaneous pamphlets and other printed matter which it issues , the College maintains regular publications , as follows :
The College also UNK each year The Report Of The UNK and a monthly UNK entitled Carleton College UNK .
The editor and business manager of UNK are appointed by the Publications Board .
the Carleton Student Association includes all students in college and is intended `` to work for the UNK of Carleton College by providing student government and student participation with the college administration in the formulation and execution of policies which UNK to student life and activities '' .
I believe a further gain is in prospect for 1961 .
In contrast to the lower UNK of TV , total radio production increased from UNK million sets to UNK million ( excluding export ) .
UNK UNK also had a good year , reflecting the growing popularity of stereo sound and the same tendency on the part of the consumer to UNK that characterized the UNK market .
UNK estimates look for this market to approximately UNK by the late 1960's , under the stimulus of new applications in the fields of UNK and retailing , industrial process control , and information storage and UNK .
In addition to the three major original equipment segments of the electronics business , the steady growth in the market for replacement parts continues year by year .
Production UNK about UNK million units against UNK million in 1959 , and I look for a further gain to UNK million units worth approximately UNK million in 1961 .
Mr. Devey first came to UNK in 1953 as a UNK UNK in the Field Engineering Department , coming from the Office of Naval Research in Washington , D. C. , where he was an electronic scientist engaged in UNK warfare studies .
Since these duties fit neatly with those of the proposed presidential aide , one person , with adequate staff assistance , could fill both jobs .
by making certain that no faculty member has too many committee assignments ; ;
A busy president , UNK with a problem and its UNK and beset by pressures to meet UNK , tends naturally to assume that others must be as familiar with a problem as he is .
The need for interchange and understanding makes vital the full use of all methods of consultation .
At one university , the president cites the faculty review committee as `` a valued partner of the administration in guarding and promoting the quality of the faculty '' .
Before the president UNK a candidate to the trustees , the administration collects the views of colleagues in the same field of knowledge on campus and elsewhere .
In particular , the president may have to UNK all his UNK powers to persuade department members to accept an outstanding man above the normal salary scale .
For the president , a master plan looking ahead five years ( the maximum reach for sound forecasting ) , offers several practical advantages .
Trustees , faculty , and administration can consider the consequences of decisions before they are made , instead of afterwards .
Some offices have very broad responsibilities , touching on almost all aspects of a university's UNK program .
The president's opportunity for UNK education reaches its highest point , as he decides which projects he will cut back , which he will advance by increased allowances or new fund-raising efforts .
Just as the entire faculty should know the president's educational philosophy and objectives , so should UNK officers .
UNK and UNK are better received when he explains why his obligations to his institution UNK his acceptance .
Radio observations of Venus and Jupiter have already supplied unexpected experimental data on the physical conditions of these planets .
No attempts to measure the radio emission of the remaining planets have been reported , and , because of their distances , small diameters , or low temperatures , the thermal radiation at radio wave lengths reaching the earth from these sources is expected to be of very low intensity .
This was followed by a comprehensive series of observations of the UNK emission of the moon over three lunar cycles by UNK and UNK ( 1949 ) .
This is much smaller than the highest resolution of even the very large UNK now under construction , and consequently the radio emission of different regions of the disk cannot be resolved .
The moon
Very recently , observations have been made at UNK wave length with a reflector 22 meters in diameter with a resultant beam width of only about UNK ( UNK , UNK , and UNK , 1960 ) .
The observations of Mayer , UNK , and UNK at 3.15 cm and of UNK at UNK cm have not previously been published and will be briefly described .
The measured brightness temperature is a good approximation to the brightness temperature at the center of the lunar disk because of the narrow antenna beam and because the temperature distribution over the central portion of the UNK disk is nearly uniform .
2 .
The heat transfer to the anode in free burning arcs is UNK by a hot gas jet flowing from the cathode towards the anode with velocities up Af .
The following possibilities exist for achieving this : 1 .
The third method was , to our knowledge , successfully applied for the first time by C. UNK and UNK ( Ref. 2 ) .
A detailed study of this latter phenomenon was not attempted in this paper .
A plug and a tube with holes in its cylindrical walls divided the chamber above the porous plug into two parts .
This arrangement had the purpose to prevent heated gas to reach the UNK by natural UNK .
The UNK flow from commercial bottles was regulated by a pressure UNK and measured with a gas flow UNK .
1 .
The heat losses of the holder were to be reduced as far as possible and they should be such that an accurate heat balance can be made .
The UNK flow through the porous anode was varied systematically between Af and Af .
As it turned out , a very hot region occurred on the plug .
Its temperature was denoted by Af .
This temperature was taken as environmental temperature to which the anode holder was exposed as far as radiation is concerned .
A system had to be used which did not depend upon the feeding of the fluid into the manometer if measurements of the normal pressure were to be made in a reasonable time .
The minimum total potential energy is found by taking the UNK with respect to H and UNK to zero .
If they are not UNK , the conclusions will be a reasonable approximation .
( B ) That because of the low viscosity of the fluid , the internal pressure is the same in all directions .
This means that work equals Q which in turn equals Af .
It is important to consider and experimentally verify this influence since quantitative nuclear resonance is becoming increasingly used in investigations of structure .
We first discuss the Af bond in Af .
The information provided by the electron paramagnetic effects is then discussed , and finally the nuclear effects are interpreted in terms of various UNK models of the Af bond in Af .
Moreover , it will be UNK until a certain critical Af distance is reached , below which it will become symmetric .
Af .
Since Af is UNK , we felt that any results obtained from the UNK UNK Af would be suspect .
UNK suggested another preparation of Af which we used here .
A modulation frequency of 40 UNK with an amplitude as small as possible , UNK with reasonably good UNK quality , was used .
A single measurement of the spin - spin relaxation time Af was obtained at 10 UNK by pulse methods .
UNK synthetic detergents with much less builder ; ;
A UNK UNK which has achieved success only recently is the built liquid detergent , with which the major problem today is UNK of builder and active into a small volume using a sufficiently high UNK ratio .
Large numbers of potential builders have been investigated , but none have been found to be as effective as the UNK over the relatively wide range of conditions met in practice .
In hard-surface cleaning , the inorganic UNK are more important than the organic active .
In an essentially static system , an oil cannot be replaced by water on a surface unless the interfacial tensions of the water phase are reduced by a surface-active agent .
and natural waters , in addition , often contain impurities such as calcium UNK which can react with soils to make them more difficult to remove .
It would appear that it should be possible to determine unique mechanisms for the thermal and photochemical reactions in both the liquid and gas phases and to determine values for activation energies of some of the intermediate reactions of atoms and free radicals , as well as information on the heat of dissociation of the UNK bond .
UNK .
The silver chloride was UNK under vacuum in the presence of aluminum UNK with the resultant product of Af which was UNK into a flask on the vacuum line .
UNK inactive chlorine was then added from one of the tubes described above and the mixture frozen out and sealed off in a flask equipped with a break seal .
-- The samples for liquid phase thermal reaction studies were prepared in Pyrex capillary tubing 2.5 mm. UNK and about 15 cm. long .
Exchange was also observed in these cells , which had chlorine present at Af .
Data on such comparisons together with data on the effect of light intensity are given in Table 1 .
,
If such is the case , the particles within a distance of about Af of the Earth will have , relative to the Earth , a kinetic energy less than their potential energy and they will be captured into orbits about the Earth .
Even in the neighborhood of the Earth , where information has been obtained both directly and indirectly , the derived flux values vary by at least four orders of magnitude .
This large discrepancy demonstrates the UNK of the experimental methods and the lack of understanding of the various phenomena involved .
The data provide a measure of the total mass of cosmic material incident upon the Earth .
One may conclude that most of the detected UNK material is concentrated in UNK streams which intersect the Earth's orbit .
Many workers believe that the response is proportional to the incident momentum of the particles , a relation deduced from laboratory results linearly UNK to meteoritic velocities .
UNK light and the UNK give some evidence for such a dust blanket , a phenomenon also to be expected if the dust before capture is in circular orbits about the sun , as indicated by the trend of the smaller visible meteors .
From an estimated mass of 25 UNK for a UNK meteorite , the other masses are derived with the assumption of a mass decrease by a factor of UNK for each unit increase in magnitude .
The UNK flux is given in the last column ; ;
for example , UNK ( 1948 ) derived a scale of UNK UNK for a Af , UNK meteorite .
UNK of this relationship through the UNK magnitude covers the range of micrometeorites .
It is the exploitation of the inherent potential of infectious disease agents by scientific research and development , resulting in the production of BW weapons systems .
Much of the older experimental work on respiratory UNK was accomplished by very artificial procedures .
Very small particles , however , in a size range of 1 to 4 microns in diameter are capable of passing these impinging barriers and entering the alveolar bed of the lungs .
This area is highly susceptible to infection .
The entrance and retention of infectious particles in the UNK amounts almost to an UNK UNK .
UNK continued along a UNK course .
They do not destroy physical structures as is true of high UNK .
This , of course , does not eliminate from consideration for this purpose agents that are associated naturally with epidemic disease .
UNK industries are involved also in the production of biological products , drugs and cosmetics which are liable to this type of attack .
UNK and UNK , using a UNK UNK scheme , UNK whole sera containing ABO and Rh antibodies on UNK UNK cellulose and UNK cellulose .
The red cells were used within 2 days after UNK and were washed with large amounts of saline before use .
The cells were washed three times with saline , UNK serum was added , the cells were UNK , and the mixture was centrifuged at 1000 rpm for 1 min and examined for UNK .
Blood samples were allowed to UNK at room temperature for 3 hr , centrifuged and the serum was removed .
Approximately UNK fractions were obtained from each column .
For protein identification , fractions from the column were concentrated by UNK against a stream of air at UNK or by negative pressure dialysis in an apparatus which permitted simultaneous concentration of the protein and dialysis against UNK saline .
During the latter procedure the temperature was maintained at UNK by surrounding the apparatus with ice .
Because negative pressure dialysis gave better recovery of proteins , permitted detection of proteins concentrated from very UNK solutions and was a UNK procedure , it was used in all but the earliest experiments .
The strip sections containing a given protein were UNK , UNK with 0.5 ml of UNK saline , and the UNK were tested for antibody activity .
UNK was then carried out in a UNK model L UNK at 40,000 rpm for UNK to 150 min , refrigeration being used throughout the run .
UNK UNK fractions were then drawn off with a UNK UNK , starting at the top of the tube , and tested for agglutinin activity .
Each male willow UNK is composed of a large number of small flowers .
some show a definite liking for making their nest in UNK .
She also builds one or two UNK cups which she fills with honey .
Then , a group of eggs is deposited in a cavity in the beebread loaf and the egg compartment is closed .
The UNK of workers that appear later tend to be bigger than the first ones , probably because they are better fed .
The female UNK spends much time in her efforts to find a nest of her host .
UNK still , in a number of cases it has been claimed that the Psithyrus female kills the Bombus queen .
Although Andrena is UNK , so that we may find hundreds and hundreds of UNK together , we must still call it a solitary bee .
UNK UNK can be found in tremendous numbers in certain parts of the United States west of the Great Plains , for example , in Utah and central Washington .
Additional records of slow growth have been omitted .
Let us speculate a little on the maximum size of the anaconda .
The African rock python , a close second , is followed in turn by the UNK python .
The following information on snakes varying greatly in size ( but all with less than a UNK maximum ) shows , when considered with the foregoing , that there is probably no correlation between the length of a snake and the time required for it to mature .
Beebe had a UNK anaconda that weighed only UNK UNK .
The most convincing recent measurement of an anaconda was made in eastern UNK by UNK UNK , a UNK UNK of the Richmond Oil Company , and reported in 1944 by Emmett R. Dunn .
It is possible that especially large anacondas will prove to belong to UNK limited to a small area .
In this instance , because of incomplete UNK , the secondary UNK does not constitute in itself what appears to be a small individual lung as in type 1 .
Such a dual derivation was strikingly demonstrated during the injection process where initial filling would be noted to occur in several isolated pleural vessels at once .
and , in contrast , are present to a relatively immense degree on a UNK basis in the dog where UNK are absent ( Van Allen and UNK , UNK ) .
In 1951 , this was UNK by UNK .
UNK ) .
UNK , they are capable of extracting their required oxygen either from the surrounding air ( UNK and UNK , UNK ) or from pulmonary arterial blood ( UNK , UNK ) .
As early as 1913 UNK and UNK demonstrated with UNK studies in dogs that bronchial artery flow would remain constant at a certain low level when pressure was maintained in the pulmonary artery and vein , but that increases in bronchial artery flow would occur in response to a relative drop in pulmonary artery pressure .
True terminal bronchioles comprise the most frequent form taken by the distal airways in types 1 and 3 , although small numbers of poorly developed respiratory bronchioles are present .
Some of the features of the top portions of Figure 1 and Figure 2 were mentioned in discussing Table 1 .
Thus , a child's Skeletal Age `` dots '' may be classified as `` advanced '' when they appear above the middle curve , `` moderate '' when they appear immediately above or below the middle curve , and `` delayed '' when they appear below the lower curve .
It is clear that there are some differences in the ratings , but there is substantial agreement .
Thus , the alignment of the `` dots '' and `` tips '' , respectively , indicate individual UNK of the 21 growth centers of each child with respect to the mean values for these boys and girls .
When the `` dot '' and `` tip '' coincide , the classification used in this paper is `` Same schedule '' .
The difference between the sequence of Onset of ossification for the sexes UNK the numbering sequence in Figures 3 and 4 .
The principles used in making each arrow for Figures 3 and 4 were applied to the construction of Figures 5 and 6 as well as all figures in the Appendix .
It seems clear , from the UNK shape of the series of arrows in Figure 5 that there was about an equal number of early and late Onsets and Completions for the 34 girls .
his arrow UNK the line denoting the mean .
This UNK does not appear to be the same as what is normally present in the thyroid , and there is no evidence so far that thyroglobulin can be UNK in UNK by cell-free systems .
There is some reason to think that thyroglobulin synthesis may proceed independently of UNK , for in certain UNK UNK of the rat thyroid containing essentially no UNK thyroglobulin , a protein that appears to be thyroglobulin has been observed in UNK experiments ( UNK , Robbins and UNK , 1959 ) .
The presence of several UNK and UNK has been demonstrated in the thyroid .
One of the UNK has pH optimum of about UNK and another of about UNK ( UNK , Stanley and UNK , 1954 ; ;
The thyroxine and tri-iodothyronine released by UNK and so escaping UNK presumably UNK into the blood stream .
There is some evidence that naturally occurring UNK may play a role in the development of UNK , particularly in UNK and Australia ( UNK and UNK , 1956 ) .
UNK influences
In the experimental animal and in man gross deficiency in dietary iodine causes thyroid UNK , UNK and increased thyroid activity ( Money , UNK and UNK , 1952 ; ;
This appears to result from both a reduced amount of the iodine substrate and a more rapid UNK of newly UNK thyroglobulin .
Similar results might be expected from the influence of drugs or pathological conditions that limit iodide UNK , or organification , or accelerate thyroglobulin UNK .
At the present time we do not know by what UNK mechanism TSH acts on the thyroid , but for UNK of the hormone there are a number of properties by which its activity may be estimated , including release of iodine from the thyroid , increase in thyroid weight , increase in mean height of the UNK cells and increase in the UNK uptake of Af .
The introduction of the United States UNK reference standard in 1952 and the UNK and UNK of the UNK and international units of thyroid-stimulating activity have made it possible to compare results published by different investigators since that time .
UNK was first noted in 1956 , and a UNK marrow UNK at that time showed `` scattered UNK of fibrosis '' suggestive of UNK .
At first the patient felt stronger , and the hemoglobin rose to UNK gm. , but on Oct. 20 , 1958 , he complained of `` UNK in '' in his knees .
No UNK or sensory defects were found .
UNK weakness did not improve , and the patient needed first a cane , then UNK .
UNK back pain in June , 1959 , prompted a third hospital admission .
A UNK diet , calcium UNK supplements , and UNK failed to change the skeletal complaint or the severe muscle weakness .
The body was that of a UNK , somewhat UNK white man weighing 108 lb. .
The UNK surface of the UNK was covered with UNK , UNK , hard , UNK plaques along its entire course , and there was a marked narrowing of the UNK of the large major UNK arteries .
The lungs weighed together UNK gm. .
UNK laden with brown pigment were seen in some of the UNK , and the UNK of some of the small arteries was thickened by fibrous tissue .
The firm red UNK weighed UNK gm. , and its surface was UNK by discrete , small patches of white material .
UNK of the conjugates
As controls , other sections were similarly treated with Af or conjugated antiserum to the New York strain of potato UNK virus ( UNK and Black , 1956 ) .
No antigen was detectable in certain dark spherical areas in most cells .
After Af and Af were passed through Dowex-2-chloride twice and treated twice with healthy sweet clover tissue powder , nonspecific staining was greatly reduced but a disturbing amount of such staining was still present .
The concentration and apparent UNK of the WTV antigen in pseudophloem tissue of the tumor may indicate that the virus UNK UNK in the UNK and may need to be directly placed in this tissue in order to UNK plants .
Of particular importance is the study of the actions of drugs in this respect .
The Mecholyl and UNK tests applied with certain precautions are reliable indicators of this central autonomic balance , but for the sake of UNK autonomic and clinical states , and of studying the effect of certain therapeutic procedures on central autonomic reactions , additional tests seem to be desirable .
This phenomenon raises the question whether the guidance of the emotions for therapeutic ends may not have an even wider application in the area of the UNK .
Even when the intensity of the shocks was increased gradually , it failed to evoke any signs of pain .
Since strong UNK stimuli produce an experimental neurosis during which the animals fail to eat in the experimental situation , UNK thought that he could utilize the UNK antagonism to inhibit the neurotic symptoms through feeding .
He took advantage of the antagonism between aggressive UNK and anxiety and found a relatively rapid disappearance of anxiety when the former attitude was established .
For the interpretation of these significant investigations , it should be remembered that reciprocal relations exist in the hypothalamus with respect to autonomic and UNK functions which are closely associated with the emotions .
In our attempt to interpret the emotions in their physiological and pathological range , we emphasized the importance of the degree of activity of the parasympathetic and sympathetic divisions of the hypothalamic system and their influence on the UNK and UNK systems , respectively .
If we try to study T using characteristic values , we are confronted with two problems .
This will be more or less our general method for the second problem .
The diagonalizable operator is the special case of this in which Af for each UNK .
The reader will find it helpful to think of the special case when the UNK are of degree 1 , and even more particularly , to think of the proof of Theorem 10 , a special case of this theorem .
Thus there are polynomials Af such that Af .
This shows that the minimal polynomial for Af divides Af .
It is easily seen that Af divides G .
Let us put Af .
We have just observed that we can write Af where D is diagonalizable and N is nilpotent , and where D and N not only commute but are polynomials in T .
Since D and D' are both diagonalizable and they commute , they are simultaneously diagonalizable , and Af is diagonalizable .
hence Af and the minimal polynomial is simply UNK , which says the operator is 0 .
If D denotes the differentiation operator and P is the polynomial Af then V is the null space of the operator p ( , ) , because Af simply says Af .
Then Af .
We devote a chapter to the binomial distribution not only because it is a mathematical model for an enormous variety of real life phenomena , but also because it has important properties that UNK in many other probability models .
More generally , suppose that an experiment consists of a number of independent trials , that each trial results in either a `` success '' or a `` UNK '' ( `` failure '' ) , and that the probability of success remains constant from trial to trial .
Experiments are often composed of several identical trials , and sometimes experiments themselves are repeated .
Further , an experiment might consist of five rounds , and several sets of five rounds might be regarded as a UNK composed of several UNK of the UNK experiment .
These examples are illustrative of the use of the words `` trial '' and `` experiment '' as they are used in this chapter , but they are quite flexible words and it is well not to restrict them too narrowly .
UNK 1 .
On three UNK the coach has needed a driver .
We now generalize these ideas for general binomial experiments .
We also give , for each property , an example where the property is absent .
The language and UNK introduced are standard throughout the chapter .
UNK , we expect independence when the trials have nothing to do with one another .
The following is a less extreme example of dependence .
UNK for one picture may be called `` success '' , for the other `` failure '' .
But Table 7-1 shows that Af or UNK agree , too many for independent voting .
Obviously , very slight changes in P do not change the probabilities much , and a slight lack of independence may not make an appreciable difference .
Each binomial trial of a binomial experiment produces either 0 or 1 success .
UNK 2 .
The latter theorem has been generalized by UNK and UNK , and UNK to show that in Af there are families of such cubes .
On C , from the point P at Af to the point Q at Af , we construct the chord , and upon the chord as a side erect a square in such a way that as S approaches zero the square is inside C .
Suppose Af UNK C when Af .
otherwise , being analytic , they would coincide at all points , which is impossible since they do not coincide near Af .
Any other point of intersection between C and Af will be called a tangent point .
Near Q , both curves can be represented by analytic functions of U .
Therefore , Af is single-valued near Q .
Thus Af is also continuous at Af , and in a neighborhood of Af which does not contain a tangent point .
This prevents the occurrence of an infinite sequence of isolated tangent points .
A continuous change in T through an amount E results in a translation along an analytic arc of the curve Af .
In the neighborhood of an end point of an interval of tangent points in the f-plane the function is UNK or UNK on one side , and is a single-valued function consisting entirely of tangent points on the other side .
We suppose not .
These UNK are just the ordinary values of Af .
The functions F and B have exactly the same multiplicity at every argument T .
Introduction .
1 .
A general line L meets Q in two points , Af and Af , through each of which passes a unique generator of the regulus , Af , whose lines are simple secants of Aj .
A final class of exceptional lines is identifiable from the following considerations : Since no two generators of Af can intersect , it follows that their image curves can have no free intersections .
We now shall show that any involution with these characteristics is necessarily of the type we have just described .
Since C is rational , this correspondence has K UNK , each of which implies a line of the pencil which meets its image .
For any pencil in a plane containing a UNK secant of **zg has an image regulus which meets the plane of the pencil in Af lines , namely the images of the lines of the pencil which pass through the intersection of **zg and the multiple secant , plus an additional component to account for the intersections of the images of the general lines of the pencil .
However , if there is no additional complex of singular lines , the order of the image regulus of a pencil is precisely Af .
By holding out prospects for external capital assistance , the United States can provide strong UNK to prepare for the UNK economic drive necessary to achieve UNK growth .
These countries must formulate a comprehensive , long-term program covering the objectives of both the private and the public sectors of the economy .
Thus , although the agenda of external assistance in the economic sphere are cumulative , and many of the policies suggested for nations in the earlier stages remain relevant , the basic purpose of American economic policy during the later stages of development should be to assure that movement into a stage of UNK growth is not prevented by lack of foreign exchange .
UNK of the wisdom of their own actions , and reassured by the promises of their economic development programs , governments may fail to push outward to win more and more people to the national effort , becoming instead more rigid and UNK in their policies .
This condition affects not only the conception but also the legislative and financial support of foreign policy , especially in the context of economic aid .
he is not greatly frustrated , and he is not UNK ; ;
The significant things in it , at the higher religious levels , are the inner emotional , mental , and spiritual occurrences that fill the pressing human needs of UNK , UNK , and UNK .
Some of the oldest , most persistent , and most cohesive forms of social groupings have grown out of religion .
The common codes , for religious action as such and in their ethical aspects for everyday moral behavior , bind the UNK together .
Religion usually exercises a UNK function .
Among primitive peoples the sanctions and dictates of religion were more binding than any of the other controls exercised by the group ; ;
In the family's own words ( during the third of twelve visits ) , they had `` reached the crisis peak -- either the situation will give or we will break '' ! !
there is room for you , too , Johnnie '' .
As seen in the B. family , there must be an attempt to help the client develop conscious awareness of the problem , especially in the absence of a formal request for assistance .
The unhealthy use of denial in the initial reaction to a stress must be handled through the medium of a positive controlled UNK .
These needs usually concern the reduction of guilt and some relief of tension .
Though there is obviously nothing new about these techniques , they do challenge the UNK skill to articulate them precisely on the spot and on the basis of quick and accurate diagnostic assessments .
In some programs , treatment is concentrated over a short period of time , while in others , after the initial contact is established , flexible spacing of interviews has been experimentally used with apparent success .
Moreover , the shortage of treatment resources and the UNK persistent shortage of mental health manpower force us to UNK additional UNK of preventive intervention techniques to make services more widely available -- and on a more effective basis to more people .
Further research in the meaning of crises as experienced by the consumers of traditional social casework services -- including attempts to develop a UNK of family structures , crisis problems , reaction mechanisms , and differential treatment approaches -- and the establishment of new experimental programs are imperative social needs which should command the best efforts of UNK in collaboration with community planners .
The process of evaluation UNK varying positive and negative priorities or values to elements .
There is some indication from a limited number of interviews with members of the population that the element of power , primarily the voluntary influence of UNK power , has been exerted on actors in the system , particularly in regard to mate selection .
The structural UNK , consisting of relatively stable UNK among its parts , includes : 1 .
Each family line can be considered a UNK .
To maintain their intermediate position in the larger society , it is not only necessary that members of this population be `` visible '' , but that their numbers be great enough to be recognized as a separate , distinct grouping or system in society .
Loomis considers six such processes in his paradigm .
6 .
UNK appears to be an important factor in the disintegration of this group .
In such a setting social contacts and associations are likely to be UNK , resulting in a change of values and , almost necessarily , in mate selection behavior .
Social control .
By means of this social control , UNK is either eliminated or somehow made compatible with the function of the social group .
There is an oral tradition among the members of the population in regard to the origin and subsequent separate status of the group in the larger society .
It is also expressed in the UNK against UNK in the matter of UNK , particularly in rural areas .
Further decrees along this line were issued in 1916 and 1919 .
In 1922 a continuous registration of the whole UNK population was instituted by ordinance of the UNK , and the periodic compilation of these records was ordered .
But specific procedures for carrying out this plan were left to the discretion of the provincial governors .
UNK authorities , the UNK and their secretaries , were held responsible for maintaining the registers of UNK persons within their territories , under the general supervision of district officials .
Each adult is held personally responsible for assuring his inscription and obtaining an identification card which must be shown on demand .
But it places a severe strain on the administrative resources ( already burdened in other ways ) of a widely dispersed , poor and largely illiterate population .
A number of strong independent agencies , established in some cases with governmental or royal support , have conducted large medical , social , educational and research operations in particular parts of the Congo and Ruanda-Urundi .
Other independent , or partially independent agencies , have promoted investigations on topics directly or indirectly related to UNK .
Field operations were transferred from administrative personnel primarily engaged in other tasks to specially trained teams of full-time African investigators ( three teams , each working in two provinces ) .
In short , scientific sampling was introduced in place of subjective sampling .
( 4 ) questions and definitions .
( B ) residents , absent ; ;
The quality of the census data can , therefore , be greatly improved by the use of the registration records in conjunction with the field inquiries .
These area reports will be followed , according to present plans , by a summary report , which will include a detailed statement on methods .
This has subsequently been verified by the experience .
( 2 ) UNK were encouraged .
After that , we began to get `` visitors '' to class .
It ranged from those with no children , through students in various stages of UNK , to one UNK male with four children , three of whom were UNK .
For example , the steering committee might announce that the group felt a topic under study should not be dropped for an additional week as there was still too much of it untouched .
From a few students this group gradually increased to include over UNK of those officially enrolled in the class , and many outsiders as well .
Whereas a high percentage of the regular students can be expected to read other UNK which more or less plow the same ground in a little different direction , the married students chose whole books on specific areas and went into much greater detail in their areas of interest .
From here they proceeded to ( 3 ) These same areas in relation to their own future family life stages , developing these to the extent of examining various crises which could be expected to confront them at some time or other .
This added a personal zest to class discussions and participation .
There was a particularly marvelous opportunity for study in this area since almost every stage of UNK was represented , from a UNK couple to and including every UNK .
UNK ; ;
One subject changed when given only the information that some people have something happen to their arm when they relax .
There was no implication made that their initial reaction ( absence of an arm-elevation ) was less preferred than the presence of UNK .
The Kohnstamm-positive subjects described the vivid experience of having their arms rise as one in which they exercised no control .
She had felt that her arm wanted to go up in the first trial , but had consciously prevented it from so doing .
but rather that they could be diminished sufficiently not to interfere with UNK .
Thus , this readiness to relax controls , evidenced in the Kohnstamm situation , appears to be a more general personality factor .
Yet they were not so bound by past experience and UNK as to deny their immediate perceptions and to be dominated by their knowledge of what the experience should be .
It might be postulated that these subjects are unduly afraid of being wrong ; ;
UNK and UNK work with the UNK UNK Scale by UNK , et al demonstrated results closely similar to the findings with the adult scale .
Results
While we had expected that compulsive children in the unstructured school setting would have difficulty when compared to those in the structured , we were surprised to find that the achievement of the high UNK within the schools where the UNK method is used in beginning reading compares favorably with that of the low UNK .
As predicted , the highly anxious children in the unstructured schools score more poorly ( Af ) than those in the structured schools .
The interaction effect , which is significant at the level , can be seen best in the contrast of mean scores .
As shown earlier , the highly anxious individual may be superior in his UNK of simple elements .
Apparently academic challenge in the structured setting creates an optimum of stress so that the child with high anxiety is able to achieve because he is aroused to an energetic state without becoming confused or UNK .
The president of a small firm selling restaurant products , had considerable difficulty in finding suitable salesmen for his business .
In considering roleplaying for analysis we enter a more complex area , since we are now no longer dealing with a simple over-all decision but rather with the examination and evaluation of many elements seen in dynamic functioning .
UNK concerned with efficiency , he was UNK in UNK people who made mistakes , UNK them to too great an extent .
He admitted his behavior , and defended it .
or we may say that his attitude was commendable , showing his independence of mind , in his refusal to adjust to the opinions of others .
He was told he displayed , for example , a sense of superiority -- and he answered : `` Well , I am supposed to know all the answers , aren't I '' ? ?
In short , as frequently happens in analyses , the individual feels threatened and UNK himself .
These errors were then collected and written on a UNK , UNK similar ideas .
This behavior is more `` UNK '' -- or true -- than other testing behavior for some types of evaluation , and so can give quick and accurate estimates of complex functioning .
UNK , this woman had been so filled with a chaotic variety of UNK that at times , when she was in her room alone , it would sound to a UNK as though there were several different persons in the room , as she would UNK in various kinds of voice .
The many linguistic techniques for reducing the amount of dictionary information that have been proposed all organize the UNK contents around UNK , stems , UNK , etc. .
The logical scheme used to accomplish the former influences the placement of information in the dictionary file .
A UNK scheme , based on the UNK of forms , provides an economical way to UNK this text-form list .
UNK forms found to match forms in the text list are marked .
dictionary information about the form stored at this location can be retrieved directly by occurrences of the form in text .
Let Af denote the form of Af .
The dictionary form is compared with each of these text forms .
The final step merely uses the table of dictionary usage to select the dictionary information that pertains to each form matched in the text-form list , and uses the list of information cells recorded in text order to attach the appropriate information to each occurrence in text .
This UNK process takes place as the file is read .
( The address of the information cell is also supplied by the table of dictionary usage .
Is George put the cat out , dominant stress will ordinarily be on the first complement , the cat , not the second complement out .
Is George reads the news emotionally , dominant stress may or may not be on the adjunct emotionally .
In I'll go with George dominant stress is probably on George ; ;
Often , dominant stress simply indicates a UNK of attention or emotion .
In is she Chinese or Japanese ? ?
In hunger UNK man too the situation is very similar .
Thus to has light stress both in that was the conclusion that I came to and in that was the conclusion I came to .
It is clear that patterns of stress sometimes show construction UNK in the spoken language where without the help of context it would be ambiguous in the written .
But it is worth UNK that very little has been published on any phase of field techniques in linguistics .
Since tone systems typically comprise fewer units than either UNK or vowel systems , we might expect that they would be the easiest part of a phonologic analysis .
Tone languages use for linguistic contrasts speech parameters which also function heavily in UNK use .
UNK rules may be thought of as joining certain points in the system .
The difficulty of analysis of any UNK in the UNK is an inverse function of the size -- smaller systems are more UNK -- for any given degree of morphophonemic complexity .
This hypothesis will account for a large part of the difficulties of tonal analysis , as well as the fact that vowel systems are often more puzzling than consonantal systems .
Most others have been content to give only the most general attention to the UNK and most obvious features of the UNK when designing UNK .
But it would seem more intended as a tract advocating the UNK theory than a paper directed to the specific problems of UNK UNK .
Five of the papers deal with grammatical problems .
This may be because the Athabascan UNK began earlier ; ;
) These general facts are mentioned to make clear that the total situation in the two families is similar enough to warrant comparison .
These differences in turn result from the fact that my Yokuts UNK were built up of terms selected mainly to insure UNK of English meaning between illiterate UNK and myself , within a compact and uniform territorial area , but that UNK vocabulary is based on UNK second UNK list which aims at eliminating all items which might be culturally or geographically determined .
I , one that was specifically adapted to the San UNK Valley .
Other classes are included only by myself ( UNK , UNK ) or only by Swadesh and UNK ( pronouns , UNK ) .
What we have left as reasonably comparable are four classes : ( 1 ) body parts and products , which with a UNK nearly even representation ( UNK terms out of UNK , 25 out of 100 ) come out with nearly even ratios ; ;
UNK Athabascan and my Yokuts share 71 identical meanings ( with allowance for several UNK like UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK ) .
the three others had to be spread somewhat , and are headed respectively Af ; ;
The actual mean of UNK being about halfway between 0 of complete correlation and UNK of no correlation , it is evident that there is a pretty fair degree of similarity in the behavior even of particular individual items of meaning as regards long-term stem displacement .
In 1960 , David D. Thomas published Basic UNK In some UNK UNK ( UNK 2 , No. 3 , pp. 7 - 11 ) , which compares 8 UNK languages with the UNK language data on which Swadesh based the revised retention rate ( Af ) in place of original ( Af ) , and his revised 100 word basic UNK list in UNK Greater UNK ( UNK 21 : :
7 .
The most important quality of the meanings is that they should be as UNK as possible .
and they should be given priority in the basic list as long as they continue to show these qualities .
He has UNK provinces and UNK , but he has not consolidated them behind him , nor does he control them .
At Yalta he thought more about the six million Germans who would have to leave , trying to find work in Germany , and Roosevelt objected to the Western UNK River being chosen in the south , instead of the Eastern UNK , both of which flow into the UNK .
Of more importance to the West than UNK boundaries was the character of her government .
All `` democratic and UNK parties '' were to have the right to campaign .
The same editorial continued that `` We expected to UNK Japan and Korea and to see a new China pattern itself easily on our institutions .
Preparation began slightly more than a year after independence with the first steps to organize rural UNK .
The second major aspect of the election is the actual procedure of registration , nomination and voting .
They were increasingly looked upon as a means of establishing the new rural UNK as the focus of a new , constructive national effort .
To minimize the chances of repeating the Balafrej UNK the UNK government was formed .
From the rather UNK history of electoral planning in Morocco an important point emerges concerning the first elections in a developing country and evaluating their results .
The newer party UNK heavily , while the older , more confident party expected the UNK merchants and small businessmen to support them as they had done for many years .
The Chamber of Commerce elections were , of course , an important event in the preparation for rural UNK elections .
The registration figures given in Table 2 must be interpreted with caution since the estimate for eligible UNK were made without the benefit of a reliable census .
In addition , many large corporations operate their own formal training programs .
In Illinois about 13 per cent of the schools have programs , and in Pennsylvania 11 per cent .
Additional courses can readily be added and special cooperative programs worked out with any new industry if the basic facilities , staff and program are in being .
The opportunity exists for states to reserve some of their vocational education funds to apply on an ad UNK flexible basis to subsidize any local UNK training programs that may be quickly set up in a community to aid a new industrial plant .
There is little evidence that existing public or private training programs have any great difficulty getting students to enroll in their programs , even though they must pay tuition , receive no subsistence payments , and are not guaranteed a job .
Such specialized training institutions could be located near the most rapidly growing industries , where the equipment and job experience exist and where the future employment opportunities are located .
The very idea of there being `` count rules '' implies that there is some sort of proportion to be expected between the amount of UNK activity and the extent of the UNK ( run up or run down ) movement .
The foregoing have been methods of charting prices , but now let us look at some of the other indices that are customarily charted , and which are looked to for their forecasting abilities .
The search for forecasting formulae is UNK .
It recalls to mind the quest of UNK times for the fountain of youth , a quest heavily invested in , during the days of wooden ships .
There sit men who make moving averages of weekly volume , monthly averages of UNK ratios , ratios of the number of advances to the number of declines , ratios of an individual UNK performance to overall market performance , ratios of rising price volume to falling price volume , odd-lot indices , and what not .
All these things and countless more enter into their calculations , and yet , the enchanting index remains UNK .
We mentioned odd-lot indices a few paragraphs ago .
This UNK the UNK that the formation in progress is quite likely to be a top .
And while all concerned are members of the literal public , somewhat less than all concerned , although still a majority , form the UNK marked `` public '' .
Certain badly UNK market critics are often apt to feel that there is something somehow unfair , dirty , or even thoroughly criminal about this UNK of competitive forces .
The study of odd-lot indices is somehow akin to the spectacle of a man trying to UNK his own shadow , what with all observers trying to get on the side of the `` few '' at the same time .
The usefulness of this study and of configuration analysis as well , declines in direct proportion to the UNK of its use .
Mr. Alexander H. UNK Study UNK In Point And Figure UNK tells the readers : `` We assure you that the total number of people using this method of market analysis is a very small portion of the sum total of those operating in the securities and commodities markets '' .
What with traders trading for so many different objectives , and what with there being so many unique and UNK market theories and trading techniques in use , and more coming into use all the time , it is hard to imagine how any particular theory or technique could acquire enough `` fans '' to UNK itself .
In the final analysis , then , the UNK becomes either a bull or a bear in a given instance , UNK any amount of UNK and calculation , however elaborate .
Chapter 6 , more methods
At this time , however , there are signs that increased availability of mortgage credit will not act with the usual speed to stimulate a sharp rise in residential construction .
The recovery will probably be UNK by a rising rate of housing starts next spring in response to more readily available mortgage credit , as well as by an expansion of Government spending , well sustained consumer spending , and some rebuilding of business inventories .
UNK downward pressure
What does the general business outlook suggest about the trend of long-term rates in 1961 ? ?
However , to the extent that the monetary authorities , in their effort to ease credit in the next several months , conduct their open market operations in UNK Government bonds , they will certainly act to UNK any tendency for long-term interest rates to ease as a result of market forces .
Here would be a powerful force for raising business activity .
It seems likely that with the three preceding forces at play , the rate of business and industrial plant and equipment expenditures should continue to move upward from the levels of the Fifties .
The huge backlog of demand which was evident in the first decade and a half after the War was fed by liquid assets accumulated by the public during the War , and even more so by the easier and easier credit in the consumer loan and home loan fields .
For UNK purposes , this is best treated as a model which UNK out the conditions under which an important industry affected with the public interest would find it profitable to raise wages even in the absence of union pressures for higher wages .
The UNK Appendix presents the rigorous argument , but is best read after Part 1 , in order that the assumptions underlying the equations may be explicit .
A .
Price competition is lacking .
B .
Finally , since the public requires some restraint on the part of the companies , larger wage increases call for less than proportionately larger price increases ( e.g. , if a wage increase of 5% allows a price increase of UNK , a wage increase of 10% allows a price increase of something less than UNK ) .
The existence of conflict and of vigorous union demand for an increase in money wages does not UNK the assumption that the union is willing to settle for UNK and UNK increases as distinct from a UNK increase in the basic wage rate .
We assume further that the union recognizes the possibility that UNK increases may offset UNK increases , and it does not entirely disregard the effect of price increases arising from its own wage increases upon the `` real '' wage rate .
In this model , then , the industry is presumed to realize that they could successfully resist a change in the basic wage rate , but since such a change is the only effective means to raising prices they may , in circumstances to be spelled out in Part 2 , below , find it to their advantage to allow the wage rise .
From this UNK it is an easy step to the conclusion that any observed increases in the basic wage rate must be due to union behavior different and more aggressive than assumed in our model .
The Congress of Vienna is a convenient starting point because it both UNK and symbolized what was to follow .
They must do something with the UNK of the latter , or some of them , which amounts to an acceptance of the law in its entirety beyond all possibility of UNK '' .
During the nineteenth century these views were protested by virtually all the Latin American writers , though UNK , just as the new nations of Africa and Asia protest them , with more effect , today .
his search was merely for rules that might limit his freedom of action .
A state , the highest form of human organization in fact and theory , could be subjected to Law only by a manifestation of UNK , or consent .
In this view , supported by only three members of the Court , a power denied by the specific provisions of Article 3 , was granted by the UNK of Article 1 .
One purpose of the change was to attain sympathetic enforcement of rights insured by the Civil War amendments against state interference .
Such legislation was clarified and extended from time to time thereafter .
But it is crucial that here , unlike UNK , the trial court was ordered to retain the case until the state courts had had a reasonable opportunity to settle the UNK question .
refusal to UNK is another .
The railroad , claiming UNK of property without due process of law , sought UNK relief .
The UNK elaborate examination of the legislative history of the provision in question suggests that UNK purpose was merely to make unions UNK .
He will not be `` UNK by UNK '' .
The result , of course , would be that federal law inevitably would mean different things in different states .
Here , as in the Byrd case , another element of state procedure was UNK to federal UNK law .
Another problem in the area of UNK relationships is this : what constitutes reversible error in a state decision ? ?
UNK , Congress could not be presumed to have intended to UNK mergers approved by the states .
The Court , nevertheless , relied on the UNK case and also mentioned that the UNK of the two corporations were the same .
Revenue Ruling UNK provides that if the corporation against which a tax was assessed has since been liquidated by merger with a successor corporation , a claim for refund should be filed by the successor in the name and on behalf of the corporation which paid the tax , followed by the name of the successor corporation .
The Ruling would not , however , apply to an acquisition of assets for cash .
( 2 ) the actual selling and buying practices of the respondents ; ;
Respondents' opinions regarding advertised bidding ( Part E of the questionnaire ) 6 .
The research team was concerned that responses from firms in the state of Washington might not be typical of those throughout the country , or that the results might be different when no phone or personal follow-up was made .
The objective of the study was to determine the opinions and practices of small firms selling to defense programs .
There was further elimination of all companies that were not accompanied by the name of a responsible company executive .
By these steps the final AIA list was reduced from 8,000 to UNK .
3 .
UNK the returns
The second step in processing was to compare the responses from companies on the AIA list with those from companies on the TR list in order to determine whether it would be appropriate to merge the responses for the purposes of the study .
For a number of years , there have been sporadic attempts in California to organize farm workers .
They were UNK financed , without experienced leadership , and lacked the general support of organized labor as a whole .
As a result of these changed conditions , the impact of the organizational effort on agricultural labor-management relations has been much greater than in the past .
UNK , because agricultural labor is not covered by unemployment insurance , we would not expect any issues to arise regarding benefit payments under the trade dispute provision of the UNK Insurance Code , although such a situation is quite within the realm of possibility .
It permits referrals under certain circumstances even when there is a labor dispute , provided the individual is given written notice of such a dispute .
A similar case arose at the UNK ranch in UNK County , and the Superior Court of that county issued similar restraining orders .
First , let us examine briefly some of the legal considerations involved .
Further , and as an evidence of legislative intent only , the Senate of the United States recently defeated by a substantial majority the `` Holland Amendment '' to the Fair Labor UNK Act , which would have specifically limited the regulatory authority of the Secretary in these matters .
The public interest is so dominant in such an issue that I cannot be so UNK as to attempt to settle it by an administrative order based upon conclusions reached in a summary action in one or two Superior Courts in the State .
None has yet arisen under condition ( 2 ) , relating to referral to jobs `` the filling of which is an issue in a labor dispute '' .
Here the problem is essentially one of defining the word `` filling '' .
How a child feels about himself , about other people , and about the tasks confronting him in school may have as much influence on his success in school as his physical and intellectual characteristics .
Studies of the growth and decline of children's fears indicate that fears due to strange objects , noises , falling , and unexpected movement decline during the UNK years , but that fears of the dark , of being alone , and of imaginary creatures or robbers increase .
Children need help in learning to control their emotions .
the older child learns that intense emotional outbursts will not win approval by his peers , and , therefore , makes a real effort to control his emotions .
those who feel inferior or UNK engage in these activities more than do UNK children .
Studies conducted in various sections of the United States indicate that many children in elementary schools are UNK emotionally , and that many of them are failing to make satisfactory progress in school subjects .
These UNK in turn inhibit learning , and a vicious cycle is completed .
The causes of UNK and maladjustment may be found in physical factors , such as defective speech or hearing , impaired vision , faulty motor coordination , a frail constitution , chronic disease , UNK , and UNK UNK .
The curriculum may be too difficult for some and too easy for others .
to UNK and extend his own techniques for studying individual children ; ;
The action was a result of a court order , the citation for which ( and for other court action mentioned in this paper ) is taken from the Summary Report for this Conference .
that on the immediate horizon , if further large-scale ( relatively speaking ) desegregation comes , it will result from court orders on suits filed in several UNK states .
The large acreage in the Southwest UNK area UNK white people -- what with high-priced town houses and elevator apartments .
First , how can we step up the desegregation movement ? ?
Shall we support pupil assignment ? ?
This question is an issue because it likely divides us into two camps -- those for or against pupil assignment .
Issue no. 2 .
Is the requirement that the plaintiff be a person actually denied admission to a school a sound requirement ? ?
Or is this subject a matter of self-determination , a matter of states rights or county rights ? ?
Nearly half the children still receive no education .
In situations of this sort the board generally favors the expansion of free education .
There have been very few cases of explicit conflict of interest between the middle class and any other class in the field of educational policy .
If this happens , there may be some class conflict in the South , with school boards and school teachers taking the middle-class position .
One social-class factor which plays a large part in educational policy today is the fact that a great many school and college teachers are upward mobile from urban lower-class and UNK families .
that is , they are likely to favor a kind of education that has UNK value .
Furthermore , the Commission set up the Council for Financial Aid to Education as a means of encouraging private business to increase its support of private higher education .
These people are practically always UNK or upper-middle-class persons , who attempt to act in what they regard as the interest of the entire society .
They think of themselves as trustees for the entire society and try to serve the entire society .
During the past decade the program has been carried on through expansion of free higher education in state universities , state colleges , and community colleges .
There remains a residue of total costs , or total `` revenue requirements '' which , since it is found to behave as if it were constant over substantial variations in traffic density , is strictly UNK on a UNK basis .
and a mere cost apportionment which somehow spreads among the classes and units of service even those costs that are strictly UNK from the standpoint of specific cost determination .
This `` grand division '' permits many costs to be assigned in their entirety to some one class , such as street lighting , or at least to be excluded completely from some important class or classes .
For the reason just suggested , I shall assume the use of the first UNK of fully distributed cost apportionment in the following simplified example .
per kilowatt-hour , and a $2 charge for a maximum demand of 2 UNK during the month at the rate of $1 per UNK -- a total bill of UNK for that month .
These are those operating and capital costs found to vary with number of customers regardless , or almost regardless , of power consumption .
( cf. Chapter 9 .
It has surrendered any claims of description in favor of psychological accounts of UNK , as in UNK system ( 1929 ) .
Science is UNK for UNK to know nothing of Nothing , in a last ditch effort to save the gods at the expense of men .
Likewise , UNK formulated the UNK hypothesis , according to which the solar system was evolved from a rotating mass of UNK gas , nearly a half century before its scientific value was made plain by UNK in his UNK Du UNK .
By UNK fundamental premises in the social sciences , and defining the logical problems UNK at the UNK of each new scientific discipline , philosophy can offer the sort of distinction that can accelerate growth in human understanding .
The UNK of the secret nonetheless guarantees that the division of analytical and synthetic UNK shall not be overcome by even the most UNK argument ; ;
for this division is but an abstract representation of the social struggle between UNK and science .
The tenacity with which present metaphysical attitudes UNK private intuition offers the strongest evidence that the gulf between scientific and UNK ways of UNK is built into the present conflict over the limits and purpose of science , religion and ideology .
UNK systems , by the very nature of their completeness , are UNK by rival systems .
When dealing with the actual relation of philosophy to the sociology of knowledge , or better the role of philosophy in assisting research on the social sources of ideas , one has to become necessarily selective .
The objection will be raised that the most important role of philosophy in relation to social science has been omitted , namely the status of ultimate value questions and norms operative in the social sciences .
Does society really exist as an entity over and above the UNK of men ? ?
Such UNK assume that answers of concrete significance can be supplied to statements involving UNK UNK .
Social theory has no more right to expect results from meaningless questions , than physics has the right to expect a theological solution to the UNK controversy .
Now that this is at odds with our meaning may be shown as follows .
Let us put to ourselves the hypothesis that we had not come on the scene and that the rabbit never was discovered .
On the positivist theory , everything I sought to express by calling it evil in the first case is still present in the second .
In the only sense in which badness is involved at all , whatever was bad in the first case is still present in its entirety , since all that is expressed in either case is a state of feeling , and that feeling is still there .
If anyone asked us , after we made the remark that the suffering was a bad thing , whether we should think it relevant to what we said to learn that the incident had never occurred and no pain had been suffered at all , we should say that it made all the difference in the world , that what we were asserting to be bad was precisely the suffering we thought had occurred back there , that if this had not occurred , there was nothing left to be bad , and that our assertion was in that case mistaken .
On the theory before us , such relief would be UNK , for in that suffering itself there was nothing bad at all , and hence in its UNK there would be nothing to be relieved about .
And there is a way in which he might hold that badness did in this case UNK our own feeling of disapproval without belonging to the pain itself .
The pain in itself was neutral ; ;
We shall consider these in the inverse order of their presentation .
then we shall perhaps be in a position to provide something like a complete answer to the question at hand .
The meaning of this , as we shall see , is that he had no fund of visual UNK of objects as objects ; ;
at their edges they slipped pretty much out of focus altogether .
But by the tracing procedure , he could , in a strange obviously kinesthetic manner , find the UNK form ; ;
After a conversation with another man , he was able to UNK practically everything that had been said but could not describe at all what the other man looked like .
Then he might finally recognize it , apparently by combining the visual blot , actually being seen , with tactual feelings in the head or body accompanying the tracing movements .
-- has now been raised in the UNK mind and in the following form .
The storms of the past had died away , and the great UNK which was to mark the following century had not yet begun to disturb men's minds .
The first slanting rays of the new day cannot yet UNK all the dark shadows which lie across the Aegean world ; ;
Though it is not easy to apply the evidence of the Iliad to any specific era , this marvelous product of the epic tradition had certainly taken definitive shape by 750 .
political organization UNK about the UNK ; ;
Not all men of the period would have accepted this emphasis .
UNK pottery
but artists now were ready to UNK and elaborate their inheritance .
UNK Russell's horse in front of the long log building , he assumed his friend had slipped inside and would be able to put up a good fight , so he began working his way down the ditch to join him .
Pels also sent a check for $100 to Russell's widow and had a white marble monument erected on his grave .
public money spent ; ;
Again he refused .
When the house was about half consumed , his UNK ran to the door and threw up his hands , declaring repeatedly that he did not know the whereabouts of Manuel .
His problem then became one of restraining the American fighters who wanted to clean out the UNK by force immediately .
The UNK of the sewer lines was designed by Henry W. Taylor , who was the engineer for the Manchester Village disposal plant .
In the fall of UNK , the `` UNK Telegraph Line '' was established between Manchester and Factory Point by the owners , Paul W. Orvis , Henry Gray , J. N. UNK , and Clark J. Wait .
J. N. UNK , treasurer ; ;
UNK were Arthur UNK and Norman Taylor .
and a night operator was also employed .
On June 14 , 1900 the Manchester Journal reported that an electrical engineer was installing an electric light plant for Edward S. UNK at `` UNK Hill '' .
Nothing came of it , perhaps due to lack of opportunity for water storage .
Marsden was manager of the company for ten years and manager of its successor company , the Colonial Light and Power Company , for one year .
More believed that a man could be both serious and gay .
Similar literary exercises were the common doings of a Christian UNK of the first two decades of the sixteenth century .
This conception was taken up by the early Church Fathers and by UNK lawyers and theologians in the Middle Ages ; ;
We are concerned not with the UNK communism nor with other species of the UNK : UNK , UNK , early Christian , monastic , UNK or theological communism ; ;
we are concerned with Utopian communism -- that is , simply communism as it appears in the imaginary UNK of Utopia , as More conceived it .
The concern of Utopia is with the UNK UNK UNK , the best ordering of a civil society ; ;
In a properly ordered society the massive force of public law performs the function which in natural law theory UNK is left altogether to a small voice so often still .
We do not deny originality to the UNK because Aeschylus found the tales of the house of UNK among the folk lore of the Greeks .
no private property , no money ; ;
The Providence Daily Post thought that there were probably good reasons for the haste in which the trial was being conducted and that the only thing gained by a delay would be UNK feelings .
In direct contrast to the other Rhode Island editors , Samuel S. UNK of the UNK UNK UNK condemned the trial as being completely unfair .
The state had elected Republican candidates in the past two years .
Most attempts to develop any sympathy for Brown and his actions found an UNK audience in Rhode Island .
In its account of the UNK lecture , the Providence Daily Post said that the remarks of Rev. UNK made the people indignant .
The editor of the Daily Journal warned , `` that if such a demonstration be made , it will not find support or countenance from any of the men whose names are recognized as having a right to speak for Providence '' .
Such was not the case in Rhode Island .
The next speaker was George T. Day .
UNK that the anti-slavery sentiment is becoming ripe for UNK action .
Rather than being deceived , the eye is puzzled ; ;
These areas , by virtue of their abrupt density of pattern , stated the literal surface with such new and superior force that the resulting contrast drove the simulated printing into a depth from which it could be rescued -- and set to UNK again -- only by conventional perspective ; ;
) By its greater UNK presence and its greater UNK , the affixed paper or cloth serves for a seeming moment to push everything else into a more vivid idea of depth than the simulated printing or simulated textures had ever done .
For the illusion of depth created by the contrast between the affixed material and everything else gives way immediately to an illusion of forms in UNK , which gives way in turn , and with equal immediacy , to an illusion that seems to contain both -- or neither .
Because of the size of the areas it covers , the pasted paper establishes undepicted flatness bodily , as more than an indication or sign .
The area adjacent to one edge of a piece of affixed material -- or simply of a UNK form -- will be shaded to pry that edge away from the surface , while something will be drawn , painted or even pasted over another part of the same shape to drive it back into depth .
All this UNK the UNK between surface and depth so as to UNK UNK space in front of the surface as well as behind it .
and as the aspect of the subject was transposed into those clusters of more or less UNK and UNK UNK by which plasticity was isolated under the Cubist method , the subject itself became largely UNK .
) But the inner , formal logic of Cubism , as it worked itself out through the collage , had just as much to do with shaping their decision .
It was because of this UNK as much as for any other reason -- that is , because of the growing independence of the UNK unit in collage as a shape -- that the identity of depicted objects , or at least parts of them , UNK in Braque's and UNK UNK UNK and continued to remain more conspicuous there -- but only as flattened silhouettes -- than in any of their paintings done wholly in oil before the end of 1913 .
Less ambitious freeway plans may be more successful -- especially when the UNK and UNK are raised , allowing for cross access at many points and providing parking areas below the ramp .
While the factories were always the center of the labor market , they were often on the city's periphery .
Moreover , the cost of operations is always high in any new store , as the conservative bankers who act as UNK for retail giants are beginning to discover .
Just as the suburban factory may be more convenient than the downtown plant to the worker with a car , the trip to the shopping center may seem far easier than to the downtown department store , though both are the same distance from home .
The open ceiling , with UNK and classical figures thrown in masses against the sky : the closed frieze , formally divided into historical scenes and tightly tied to the stone walls , belong in their large ordering to the line of UNK and his UNK followers .
Later it was UNK to note that they had set so solidly as to be hard to remove when the time came .
The scaffold was the length of the space to be painted .
UNK white , hard and brilliant , has a tendency to `` jump '' away from the other colors in drying , and also by its capacity to set , to UNK the use of ready-made UNK , so useful in decorative work .
The plaster was sound , the UNK firmly attached all over , and the pigment solidly incorporated with it in all but a few unimportant places .
As American artists , it was natural that we would want to meet as many Soviet artists as possible .
Even though we did not see many of your faces , it appears now quite evident that a considerable number of your profession heard , from those whom we had the fortune to encounter , that we had been in your midst .
I can well understand your curiosity .
Almost as if I were talking about something quite unreal .
Personal predispositions tend to blunt the ear and , in turn , the voice as well .
Artists and poets are the raw UNK of humanity ; ;
The terms of friendship , understanding , cooperation , etc. , tend to become somewhat UNK because of constant and UNK use .
The following is a statement read to a large and friendly group of your fellow artists in UNK :
Your past history is UNK with the fruits of the intellect .
To many of us , this is a land to which we or our parents fled from totalitarian terror in order to live in dignified freedom .
I mention these features of the book because they are inherent in the UNK character and therefore must be mentioned .
UNK as an independent variable , how does it affect behavior in various sectors of life ? ?
For all these points he relies exclusively on UNK and UNK study of UNK , The Modern Corporation And Private UNK .
The broad conclusions of that UNK work remain UNK , but subsequent research has expanded and somewhat altered their empirical support , has suggested important revisions in the general analytic frame of reference , and has sharpened the meaning of particular analytic concepts in this area .
`` Are people happy , are they as satisfied , unconsciously , as they believe themselves to be ? ?
The point is that in a system such as Fromm's which recognizes unconscious motivations , and which rests on certain ethical UNK , empirical data can be used to support whatever proposition the writer is urging at the moment .
This sort of manipulation is especially UNK in Fromm's work because , although his system is derived largely from certain philosophic convictions , he asserts that it is based on empirical findings drawn both from social science and from his own consulting room .
This is a delightfully UNK collection .
Furthermore , the list is interesting for its UNK .
Even those who appear in only one or two scenes are full personalities , defined with economical precision .
It changes and develops according to the text ; ;
it UNK Pimen when he comes before Boris in the last act .
Here the composer uses a favorite device of his , the intensification of the mood through key relationships .
Whatever learning they may have had in their order doesn't disturb them now .
a clever naturalistic touch is UNK UNK reading of the warrant .
His music shows a sensuality coupled with an UNK quality that suggest somehow a UNK with UNK in UNK UNK .
Another theme , UNK chromatic , appears as he directs her to gain power over UNK by any means , even at the cost of her honor .
UNK first entrance seems almost a UNK to the splendor of the UNK UNK , with its dazzling confusion of UNK .
There is a quick change from the UNK song to a UNK tone .
The jokes and arguments grow louder until the police return ; ;
this final reminder of his guilt is the fatal one .
They bring the news that the UNK has been excommunicated ; ;
so that , while it usually is easy to recognize a poem by Hardy , it is difficult to date one .
There is only one sense in which it is valid to talk about Hardy's development : he did develop toward a more consistent and more effective control of that tone which we recognize as uniquely his .
He had two productive periods , one in the late UNK , the other in the decade from 1910 to 1920 ( half of the dated poems are from the latter period , and these alone total about one-tenth of all Hardy's poems ) .
The first productive period came when he was considering poetry as a UNK , before he had decided to write fiction for a living ( in his note for Who's Who he wrote that he `` wrote verses 1865 - 1868 ; ;
The second productive period , the decade from 1910 to 1920 , can be related to three events : the completion of The UNK in 1909 , which left Hardy free of pressure for the first time in forty years ; ;
It may seem strange that a poet should come to full UNK in his UNK , but we have it on Hardy's own authority that `` he was a child till he was sixteen , a youth till he was UNK , and a young man till he was nearly fifty '' ( Early Life , p. 42 ) .
We may carry this sequence one step further and say that at UNK he was a poet at the height of his powers , wanting only the UNK of two tragedies , one personal , the other national , to loose those powers in poetry .
The details of the setting of `` Neutral Tones '' are not , strictly speaking , UNK , but they combine to create a mood which is appropriate both to a dismal winter day and to the end of love , and in this way love and weather , the emotions and the elements , symbolize each other in a way that is common to many of Hardy's best poems ( `` UNK '' , `` The UNK UNK '' , and `` During UNK and UNK '' , for example ) and to some moving passages in the novels as well ( Far From The UNK UNK is full of scenes constructed in this way ) .
if it is UNK , it is also precise , and the precision UNK authority to the vision .
he sometimes called them `` an UNK '' , and he would not allow them to be published in UNK .
The poems are , the UNK tells us , the `` traces of an ancient flame '' ; ;
So as the years passed , I saw them each time in the light of an accelerated personal UNK .
Being with him was like being swept away by a UNK of falling stones .
They were both very UNK .
UNK column of UNK verse UNK quietly enough in the UNK air of UNK Rome .
The tonal novelties consist in the introduction of a few chords used in classical music for centuries .
It is not a UNK analogy to say that this is what Thomas did to poetry .
The special UNK effects of a UNK or an UNK UNK -- actually UNK -- become the main concern .
Thomas's UNK and ambiguities are ends in themselves .
He may have been eccentric in his behavior , but his paintings are as UNK as Persian UNK .
UNK has come to determine structure .
In fact , once the size is big enough to cover a whole wall , it turns into nothing more than extremely expensive wallpaper .
So , in the last couple of years , abstract UNK has tended toward romantic suggestion -- indications of landscape or living figures .
This observation is of interest not only to students of Homeric poetry but to students of Anglo-Saxon poetry as well .
Words or phrases that UNK have admired as handsome or ironic or humorous must therefore lose merit and become regarded as mere inevitable UNK , sometimes accurate and sometimes not .
If the master of UNK who was most responsible for the poem ever used kennings that were traditional , he was at least partly deprived of free will and not inclined towards shrewd and sophisticated misuse of speech elements .
True , we do not know how they were regarded in their day , but we need not believe the epic audience to have been more UNK to the formulas than the numerous scholars of modern times who have read Germanic or Homeric poetry all their lives and still found much to admire in occasional occurrences of the most familiar phrases .
in an oral tradition they may be chosen for the entire epic corpus , and tend towards UNK rather than distinctive UNK .
at some stage in their evolution they were UNK .
Anglo-Saxon poetry appears to have no comparable amount of repetition ; ;
Such UNK would be less worthy of remark , were it not that in Great Expectations , as in no other of UNK novels , hands serve as a UNK of plot and theme -- a kind of UNK symbol or natural UNK for the UNK complex of human UNK and the values and attitudes that UNK them .
Held upside down in the graveyard , Pip UNK in terror `` with both hands '' to his convict ; ;
UNK shakes his hand at Pip , bangs the table with his fist , draws his UNK hand `` across his mouth as if his mouth watered '' for his victim , lets his hands hang `` loose and heavy at his sides '' , and Pip observes him so intensely that he knows `` of the slightest action of his fingers '' .
A variety of hand movements helps UNK the moral climate of the fallen world Pip encounters beyond the forge .
Additional restrictions regarding the use of continuation cards with UNK appear on page UNK .
UNK of index words and electronic switches
This table originally indicates that index words 1 through 96 and electronic switches 1 through 30 are available for assignment to symbolic references ; ;
Otherwise , symbolic names may have previously been assigned to these same index words .
The preceding methods allow efficient use of index words and electronic switches during a UNK or UNK program , particularly when used in conjunction with the UNK statement .
Autocoder declarative statements provide the processor with the necessary information to complete the imperative operations properly .
UNK statements are never executed in the object program and should be separated from the program instruction area , placed preferably at its beginning or end .
An individual switch or the entire set of switches in a word may be tested or altered as desired .
The area may include constant information supplied by the UNK .
The entry DIOCS must be written exactly as shown .
When an actual index word or a symbolic address is specified , Autocoder will equate UNK to it .
Their study showed that it was possible to transfer 3 to 4 lb of oxygen / UNK / UNK
O'Connor and UNK discussed the use of aerated UNK for treating organic wastes .
At the same time further expansion in the Red Bridge UNK required the construction of additional sewage treatment facilities .
UNK of the operations of the shopping center permitted correlation of the UNK composite samples with 24-hr. operations .
The data indicated that the organic load during the UNK UNK was essentially 50 per cent of the 24-hr. organic load .
UNK plant operations
The flow rate remained relatively constant during the winter months as shown in Table 1 .
With the spring rains the flow rose rapidly due to infiltration in open sewers .
This low BOD was due to removal of the excess suspended solids by UNK since the only dilution was surface UNK which was very low during this study .
The dissolved oxygen in the aeration unit was consistently high until January 29 , 1961 .
An extended cold spell caused ice to build up on the aerator which was mounted on a floating platform and caused the entire platform to sink lower in the water .
The rate of oxygen transfer at UNK / UNK dissolved oxygen concentration and UNK for various rotor speeds is given in Table 3 .
The UNK cover reduced the oxygen transfer rate by 10 per cent , indicating that the maximum oxygen transfer is at the rotor rather than through the surface .
The major postwar development is the certainty that these elements should not be considered UNK but in combination and as being mutually supporting .
Then the enthusiasm and energy of all elements can be UNK to produce cumulative progress toward a common objective .
Russia possesses the UNK of submarines in the world , divided between her various UNK .
Its speed has increased , it operates at increasingly greater depths , its submerged endurance is becoming unlimited , and it will become even more silent .
Therefore , the fourth principle of the plan must be that it provide for continuously increasing capabilities in the opponent .
UNK , aircraft procurement , and weapon programs indicate that there will not be enough of anything .
Therefore , any measures taken in peacetime which will decrease force requirements in war will contribute greatly to success when hostilities occur .
what was new yesterday is UNK today .
UNK elements in UNK operations
To this point the need for an over-all plan for submarine defense has been demonstrated , the mission has been stated , broad principles UNK its content laid down , and the supporting elements listed .
Before considering these elements in more detail , an additional requirement should be stated .
Therefore , improved intelligence will result in reduced force requirements and , as it supports all other elements , rates a top priority .
UNK intelligence is important , but of equal importance is its translation into usable form .
Progress in predicting water conditions is encouraging , but little guidance is available to the man at sea on the use of such information .
In an over-all UNK concept , dependence on and effort expended for such systems should be limited to those with proven capabilities .
Fixed installations will always lack the flexibility that should be inherent in naval systems .
The submarine has become increasingly attractive as an antisubmarine weapon system .
UNK A has been obtained in crystalline form as a UNK salt and free base .
-- Research on UNK in mammalian sera was continued .
UNK metal ions have been found to protect plasma UNK against UNK by UNK and UNK .
UNK effects in UNK on isolated surviving organs and in vivo on blood pressure were UNK ; ;
-- An extensive series of measurements was made on a UNK UNK in a UNK UNK instrument using forced UNK UNK , free vibration , and creep measurements over the temperature range of Af to UNK .
The gallium content , however , has been UNK UNK .
This glass is probably formed from UNK UNK sands by UNK or UNK impact .
( A. J. UNK , John UNK )
-- Recent theoretical work to UNK the dimensions of UNK chains by UNK and UNK has been extended to include more general types of chains .
-- The UNK of UNK UNK Af units UNK with a minor percentage of Af is limited by the inability of the crystal UNK characteristic of the former to accommodate the bulky side group of the latter .
( C. A. J. UNK , P. J. UNK ) anionic UNK
The preparation of such products is not new , but the systems heretofore employed in UNK have commanded considerable experimental skill and starting materials of a high purity .
T. V. Barker , who developed the UNK system , was about to begin the systematic compilation of the index when he died in 1931 .
Financial and material help have come from academic , governmental , and industrial organizations in England and Holland .
Every calculation has been made independently by two workers and checked by one of the editors .
The publication form is that of UNK books .
UNK to the data sources are given in the crystal descriptions .
The continuity of the project is suggested by plans for an eventual third edition .
) properties :
UNK :
The work consists of four sections and 5 supplements .
The UNK data given include UNK angles and unit cell dimensions ; ;
the physical property values include UNK , melting point , and specific gravity .
Volume 2 , contains data for UNK classes .
) The two volumes are available from the publisher for UNK and UNK , respectively .
The resident staff is large and consists of professional assistants , graduate students , UNK , librarian , technical editor , machine operators , secretarial help , and others .
There are also corresponding members and outside advisory groups .
UNK UNK is a problem of importance chiefly in stored grain .
In this respect , the general palatability and individual acceptance of most UNK foods has , to date , been found to be low in comparison with fresh and commercially processed foods .
A number of foods are quite acceptable as regards taste and palatability , however , at dosages substantially less than sterilization levels .
Of the various particle UNK , the Van De UNK machines , UNK UNK , and linear UNK are the principal ones available for commercial use .
Thus , food so processed might reach more remote markets and permit the consumer to enjoy more produce at peak UNK and palatability .
However , the problem of consumer UNK remains .
Under the conditions of comparison , it will be noted that : ( 1 )
The force required to accomplish removal is plotted , by means of an electronic recorder , against distance of removal .
The instrumental method , however , is about 100 times more sensitive and yields numerical results which can be accurately repeated at will over a period of time .
It was found that the coating is separated from its substrate entirely by cohesive failure .
Af is the normal UNK force acting on the shear plane ; ;
If the cutting force , Af , is plotted against film thickness , a straight line should result passing through the origin and having slope Af .
The curvature of this UNK is , in the case of the UNK knife employed in the Hesiometer , determined by the grain sizes of the polished UNK and the tungsten UNK crystals cemented together in the knife body and is in the order of 0.1 to UNK UNK .
This reduces to the relationship : Af , where Af is the intercept at zero thickness of the UNK of the slope indicated in UNK ( 1 ) , Af is the thickness of the coating equivalent to the rounding off of the knife tip , Af is a straight line first approximation of this UNK , and the other symbols are equivalent to those of UNK ( 1 ) .
UNK knives would blunt very rapidly , making the value of Af UNK .
In extreme cases of very soft knives this value may even change during the course of a measurement .
Eventually , UNK occurs along the shear plane ( UNK ) , and the cycle UNK itself .
On the following pages , each of the major commercial foamed plastics is described in detail , as to properties , applications , and methods of processing .
Present estimates are that production topped the UNK mark in 1960 ( 85 to 90 million lb. for flexible , 10 or 11 million lb. for rigid ) ; ;
Properties
Most commercial uses of urethane foams require UNK between 2 and 30 lb. / cu. ft. for rigid foams , between 1 and 3 lb. / cu. ft. for flexible foams .
UNK strength :
This term refers to the ability of a material to resist bending stress and is determined by measuring the load required to cause failure by bending .
This property refers to the greatest UNK stress or tension a material can endure without tearing apart .
UNK UNK
The foam can be made into slab stock and cut to shape , it can be molded , it can be UNK , it can be applied by spray guns , etc. .
The ingredients are fed from tanks through a hose and into the UNK at a UNK rate .
Simple systems are available that make it possible for urethane foam components to be poured , UNK , etc. , into a void where they foam up to fill the void .
Temperature of the wash and rinse waters is maintained at 85 - UNK ( 29 - UNK ) .
UNK lbs. loading is possible but 40 lbs. is adequate .
UNK evaluation and classification
A UNK instrument may be desirable to measure cleaning , whereas UNK UNK is necessary to measure grease removal .
Four washing test procedures are established , varying in severity from very severe to very mild , and are intended to cover the range of practical washing from commercial procedure to hand washing .
It is possible to identify the test procedure completely with a code consisting of a Roman UNK , a letter , and an UNK number .
UNK
wash wheel -- cylindrical wash wheel of the reversing type .
The wheel ( cage ) is 20 to 24 inches inside diameter and 20 to 24 inches inside length .
One UNK is located every UNK around the inside diameter of the wheel .
The machine is equipped with a pipe for injecting live steam that is capable of raising the temperature of water at an UNK level from UNK to UNK ( UNK to UNK ) in less than two minutes .
UNK -- UNK of the UNK UNK type , having a cylindrical basket approximately 30 inches in diameter and 24 inches in length and rotating at approximately 35 UNK .
measuring scale --
Each pin is individually sprung to a UNK member which is driven UNK in the slot .
UNK fabrics to be dried by procedure UNK ( flat-bed pressed ) or restored by procedure 3 ( hand ironing ) :
UNK or warp knitted fabrics to be subjected to restorative procedure 1 ( tension UNK ) .
UNK measurements in length and width directions should be taken before and after washing , drying , and restorative procedures .
When this water level has been reached inject steam until the temperature is that shown in Column Aj .
UNK intensifier based upon the `` UNK '' principle , ( D )
UNK secondary electron multiplication image intensifiers ( UNK tubes ) , ( E )
UNK single stages by coupling lens systems is rather inefficient as the lens systems limit the obtainable gain quite severely .
However , electrostatic focus , important for many applications , has not been realized for these devices .
UNK single stages enclosed by a common envelope have been constructed with high gain and high resolution .
These tubes may differ both in the choice of the electron optical system and in the design of the coupling members .
The anode potential UNK the gain , G , and magnification , M , of the stage .
As it will be shown later , the UNK properties of the UNK and output fiber coupler comprise indeed the main advantage of such a design .
The luminous flux gain of a single stage is given by : Af .
This value may be reduced to UNK percent by means of a ( very thin ) glass layer of index 1.5 .
Since we are considering here relatively small diameter ( 1 - 1.5 inches ) fiber plates , their average thickness can be kept below 1/4 inch and their internal losses may be assumed as 15 percent ( per plate ) .
The efficiency Af of an Af lens at the magnification Af is : Af .
We have evaluated the `` matching UNK '' for two types of UNK ( UNK and UNK ) and three types of light input .
UNK discussion of UNK device resolution
Thus , in general , elementary light optical effects , light UNK , and electron UNK determine the obtainable resolution limit .
( 3 )
He recognized that whatever transformation may be effected in the first stage of an R-stage process , the remaining stages must use an optimal UNK policy with respect to the state resulting from the first stage , if there is to be any chance of UNK the complete process .
To see how important this economy is , let us suppose that there are M operating variables at each stage and that the state is specified by N variables ; ;
But Af is vastly larger than R .
Then the dynamic program would require about a minute whereas the direct search would take more than three UNK ! !
This is the principle which we will UNK in every case to set up a functional equation .
Each stage UNK the state Af of its feed to the state Af in a way that depends on the operating variables Af .
Here P represents the value of the stream in state P and Q the cost of operating the stage with conditions Q .
Hence P is the increase in value of the stream minus the cost of operation , that is , the net profit .
The process in which the outcome of any one stage is known only UNK is also of interest , although for chemical reactor design it is not as important as the deterministic process .
The word distance is used here in a rather general sense ; ;
Thus if the gyro and UNK combination maintains the platform with zero angular deviation about the **yf axis , the system can be rotated with an angular velocity Af if a torque is supplied to the gyro output axis Aj .
The voltage Af is amplified by Af and applied to the gyro torquer with scale factor Af .
There are many such components of acceleration present due to the effect of wind UNK , engine noise , UNK around the vehicle , etc. .
The amplifier is designed so that its gain is large for accelerometer signals above a certain threshold level .
Below this level , the amplifier gain Af is proportional and is of small value , in order to provide adequate noise filtering .
The effect is that the platform returns from an UNK position at a rapid rate until it is nearly level , at which point the platform is controlled by a proportional servo with low enough frequency response so that the noise has little effect on the leveling process .
UNK leveling requires an appropriate display of the accelerometer outputs .
UNK .
A precision transit is set up so that it is aligned with respect to true north .
This can be done to a high degree of accuracy by existing surveying techniques .
This instrument provides an electrical signal proportional to the angular deviations of the platform and can be used to automatically hold the platform on true heading .
Figure UNK shows a platform system with the gyro vectors arranged as described above .
The earth is spinning at an angular velocity UNK equal to one revolution per 24 UNK .
Rachel was polite , Scotty indifferent .
She would hover over him and , looking like her brother , anxiously watch the progress of Scotty's fork or spoon .
Try to get that down '' .
if , as often happened , he had to repeat because he had spoken too softly , he would repeat his words in the same way , without emphasis or impatience , only a little louder .
She was with Elizabeth .
They turned at the bottom of UNK steps and moved off in the direction of the park .
his delicate hand , as UNK as a UNK wing , rested absently on Scotty's chest .
She did not touch him .
She said , `` Do you think you'll miss school '' ? ?
He had noticed how formal and UNK exact Rachel had grown .
it floated up the stairs .
`` Is his appetite improved '' ? ?
Scotty would reply softly and his father , apologetically , would ask him to repeat .
He looked at the lined face with vague interest ; ;
He hadn't even seen him yet
Mines .
Mines .
He could also hear the stream which he had seen from his position .
On their right rose the UNK covered with brush and trees .
The UNK , broken trees in the valley assumed UNK shapes .
Warren handed him the metal box and Prevot quietly disappeared down the line .
Even so , he could not ease the tension of his body ; ;
They were poems in a strange language , of which he could barely touch a meaning -- enough to make his being UNK with the desire for the UNK he sensed there .
Pierre had no hands ; ;
they had been severed at the wrists .
The monk who opened the door immediately calmed his worries about his reception : `` I speak English '' , the old man said , `` but I do not hear it very well '' .
`` Will you please wait in here .
The nude was small and UNK and UNK , and was called `` UNK '' .
She was wise enough to realize a man could be good company even if he did weigh too much and didn't own the mint .
She was the widow of a writer who had died in an airplane crash , and Mickie had found her a job as head of the historical section of the Treasury .
This is why he made such a magnificent soldier .
You could hear them from our UNK .
Jane asked in her placid , interested way .
More of this stamping down of human emotion as a young lawyer in New York .
perhaps it was just .
The Vice President had called and asked if he could see the Secretary at his home .
The Secretary was uneasy about the visit .
He observed the Florentine vase in the hall , the UNK painting in the library , as well as the long shelves of UNK volumes ; ;
Where will you break ? ?
How best to destroy your peace ? ?
I've got a quarter of a million Germans in my state , and those UNK tune in on Father UNK every night , and if he tells them to go out and UNK in the public square , that's what they do .
And another one comes to me and he says , ' Look here , there's a mill in my state employs five thousand people making uniforms for the Navy .
The Bishop looked at him coldly and said , `` Take it or leave it '' ! !
the rather pleasant white city was on the hill where the chief stores were .
He was a UNK man , once vigorous but for many years now declining in strength and ability .
It sometimes ended in UNK UNK with many lying exhausted and panting on chair and floor .
To most of those who composed the Amen corner it was a magnificent and beautiful experience , something for which they lived from week to week .
It was often UNK in less wild form at the Wednesday night prayer meeting .
The school was small , dark and UNK .
The very proposition was UNK .
It was going to stay forever .
It was hardly possible to get any argument on the subject .
Two gas lamps were no more than a misleading glow .
The idea had come from Herold , who had once been a UNK clerk .
He explained his errand , but without bothering much to make it plausible , for he felt something well up in him which was the reason why he had fled the army .
He knew that in this mood he could not be stopped .
Still , the sensation always surprised him .
It was a thrill he felt no part in .
He stopped and whispered his errand .
He smiled , but now that he knew where the elder Seward was , he did not intend to go .
He got caught up into it and became a different person .
Only afterwards did an act like that become meaningless , so that he would puzzle over it for days , whereas at the time it had seemed quite real .
It was a part so familiar to him that he did not bother to think about it any more .
On a stage he always knew what to do , and tonight , to judge by the applause , he must be doing it better than usual .
That was one of the high spots of the play .
Most of them had seen Our American Cousin before , and unless Miss UNK was on stage , there was not much to it .
There was no UNK that scream .
It was not exactly panic they gave way to , but they could not just sit there .
He went straight to the Presidential box .
Stevie twisted and , frantically , commanded the mare to leap straight ahead .
Katie reared a third time , then , trembling , descended .
They rode around and around to UNK the figure into the sand .
his fists clutched so tightly that his knuckles hurt .
The Dutch UNK Church , with two steeples and its own school was on Main Street ; ;
the Catholic UNK Mary's Church , with an even taller steeple and a cross on top , stood on Ball Street .
To know God he must follow in Papa's footsteps .
that was Pennsylvania .
`` UNK got to be a preacher in the family .
When Papa's slender fingers removed the UNK , there were red UNK on the bridge of the strong nose .
Perhaps one day He will choose you as He chose me , long ago .
For His mercy and His guidance to spare you from evil and eternal punishment in the Lake of Fire '' .
The stern face would relax , the UNK arms would embrace him , `` My son '' ! !
It would UNK him once ; ;
A flash UNK the trees as a UNK bolt UNK in several directions .
He shouted , and was UNK at the echoes .
`` Don't you be afraid , Violet '' ! !
Ludie did as he pleased .
He came home UNK , ran straight to the UNK , and UNK UNK cold water .
That Ludie ! !
It's those two fucken UNK ! !
If only the fucken weather wasn't so lousy ! !
`` I soon came back to my senses '' , he said , aloud , to the young blizzard , proudly , drawing himself up , as if making a report to some important superior .
Maybe they'll stop it now , once for all .
UNK .
It always came on , faithfully , just like a radio or UNK box , whenever he started to worry too much about something , when the bad things tried to push their way into him .
It was a word he was proud of , a word that meant much to him , and he used it with great pleasure , almost as if it were an exclusive possession , and more : he sensed himself to be very highly educated , four cuts above any of the folks back home .
He would ! !
Johnson .
Less bull the more you can do with em .
Coughlin grinned , feeling supremely on top of things .
For Christ's sake ! !
UNK I nuts ? ?
UNK I UNK ? ?
He rolled over and tried to shut out the noise , now much louder .
He UNK to believe that the UNK chief never attended a higher institution .
Immediately after dinner , however , Rousseau asks for still another favor .
This time as a musician .
Ever since he had first begun to study music and to teach it , Rousseau had dreamed of UNK through to fame as the result of a successful opera .
And for good reasons .
`` Put a few such songs together '' , they urged him .
But no .
A contradiction ? ?
`` What was your answer '' ? ?
`` What else could I do ? ?
And that was why , on the day of the performance , when a carriage from the royal UNK called to take him to the palace , he did not bother to shave .
They pointed out to him .
`` But in such a UNK condition '' .
Surely it would grow there whether I washed myself or not .
Here , before the court ? ?
I must state that the faster things happened , the slower they happened ; ;
My Cousin Simmons carried a musket , but he had loaded it with bird shot , and as the officer came opposite him , he rose up behind the wall and fired .
I would have stood there and died there if left to myself , but Cousin Simmons grabbed my arm in his UNK grip and fairly plucked me out of there ; ;
UNK Dover said :
UNK was no longer permitted in the streets .
There were several on the Council who tried to live like Christians .
He brushed back his black hair , shoving it under his UNK cap to keep it from blowing in his eyes .
UNK tore through him like a physical pain whenever he thought of Peter Robert , UNK , Nicholas UNK , Martin UNK , and even the UNK Louis Du UNK .
UNK recalled the UNK of the past and demanded : `` Are we going to allow the Protestant Pope , Master Calvin , to curtail our liberty ? ?
Why , oh why , doesn't he stick to preaching the Gospel , instead of UNK in civic affairs , politics , economics , and social issues that are no concern of the Church '' ? ?
`` You are to be accused of UNK to confuse the religious who remain loyal '' .
`` What was your reply to that '' ? ?
He wanted to run , but he knew that if he did , he would be lost .
The UNK Jake called .
Or was he now taking the role -- the gesture and the suffering -- because it was the only way to affirm his history and identity in the UNK , UNK loneliness of this land .
In that moment of vision Adam heard the voice within himself saying : I must not hate him , I must not hate him or I shall die .
UNK tell you now '' --
The UNK was UNK off now , but the light was UNK .
Into the UNK of the street , and his spirit , moved a form .
The form was UNK in an army blanket , much patched , fastened at the neck with a cord .
Her name was Mollie .
Those men , lying in the huts , they did not know .
He thought : Only in my heart can I make the world hang together .
`` UNK big fat chicken , yeah '' .
Mose UNK .
`` UNK you , huh ? ?
It is salt UNK .
That UNK , it was so full of UNK it would jump and run and not come when you say , UNK .
He seemed to be muttering , his voice surprisingly clear .
Laura touched his hand .
The night before , they had telephoned the Andrus maid , Selena Masters , and she had arrived early , bursting her vigorous presence into the silent house with an assurance that amused McFeeley and UNK Moll .
After she had served the detectives coffee and toast ( they politely declined eggs , uncomfortable about their UNK ) , she settled down with a morning newspaper and began reading the stock market quotations .
She answered him precisely , missing not a beat in her scrutiny of the financial reports .
McFeeley greeted the parents , then studied his UNK .
UNK their coffee , discussing the weather , the day's shopping , UNK commitments at the network ( all of which he would cancel ) , they avoided the radio , the morning TV news show , even the front page of the Santa UNK Register , resting on the kitchen bar .
Before that , he wanted to talk to the neighbors .
He did not want to bring the UNK to the station house too early -- UNK had summoned a press conference , and he didn't want them subjected to the reporters again .
He did not see UNK , or UNK , or UNK , or any of the feverish crew that had so harassed him twelve hours ago .
McFeeley identified himself .
It was amazing how they had UNK together for protection : an enormous UNK in a UNK silk UNK , rising from the breakfast table ; ;
`` UNK thing '' , Mr. Kahler said , when they were seated , `` when I heard you ringing , I figured it was that guy down the block , UNK '' .
Both grinned at the detective .
She was UNK by the stove .
The gas UNK up two inches high .
Before he left the apartment he knocked on their door and asked if there was anything he could do for them .
`` UNK called a few minutes ago '' , Eugene said .
UNK UNK , considerably younger and very different .
The curtains were of the same material , and there were some big oil paintings -- portraits in the style of UNK and UNK .
Looking around slowly , he saw a marble fireplace , a desk , a low UNK of mahogany with UNK brass wire instead of glass UNK in the doors .
UNK Music could not be UNK passion .
He moved over to the desk and stood looking at the papers on it but not touching anything .
He waited until they were inside the elevator and then said : `` Now what do we do '' ? ?
They looked , even so .
They had lunch at a sidewalk cafe UNK the intersection of two broad , busy , UNK streets , and coming home they got lost in the UNK ; ;
it took them over an hour to get back to the station where they should have changed , in order to take the line that went to the Place UNK .
`` Well , this is France , after all '' .
They were damp .
But where do people go swimming in Paris ? ?
`` All because I didn't feel like dancing '' .
The tweed coat , maybe .
His first desire was to create a mother and son alone in the universe .
They would feel what Mary was undergoing .
Now she was intensely alive , UNK ; ;
UNK that UNK could be designed to serve structural purposes , he began a study of the anatomy of UNK .
Michelangelo grinned .
`` Not at all .
I wish to make Jesus an authentic Jew .
`` UNK .
His first model arrived at dusk .
The model quite plainly thought Michelangelo crazy ; ;
Though this sculpture must take place UNK years after her moment of decision , he could not conceive of her as a woman in her UNK , old , wrinkled , broken in body and face by labor or worry .
On Sundays he would walk miles into the UNK to visit with them , and in particular to see their horses .
At dawn Argiento went to UNK UNK .
The surgeon carried a cage of live UNK .
Beth was very still and her breath came in small UNK gasps .
Few of the neighbors came , but Mrs. Tussle came , called by tragedy .
UNK , Uncle Randolph began riding home nights with a jug UNK to his saddle , UNK singing `` Old Dan Tucker '' at the top of his voice .
UNK his voice ring UNK up from the road , Kate would await him anxiously and watch UNK as he walked into the house , cold sober .
Kate drew more and more on her affection for Joel through the hot days of summer work .
She had taken him out of the schoolhouse and closed the school for the summer , after she saw Miss Snow crack Joel across the face with a UNK for letting a snake loose in the UNK .
Her mother wrote Kate of her grief at the death of UNK baby and at UNK decision to go with the South `` And , dear Kate '' , she wrote , `` poor Dr. UNK son Robert is now organizing a militia company to go South , to his good father's sorrow .
Rumor of a big battle spread like a UNK up the valley .
He has notified me that he has orders to go to Washington to take over the Army of the UNK .
I am to go to Washington to serve with him '' .
`` Tomorrow .
And this handsome UNK , staring and UNK , was he her UNK ? ?
David UNK was tired beyond almost the limits of his flesh .
A mist was walking on the water , white as cotton , but with a UNK and merging grace .
A strange wood creature came floating up from a patch of UNK bushes .
-- UNK as it ran .
The UNK bird thing ran away , and to David its UNK sounded like the UNK of a UNK UNK .
Chapter 10
The news of battle on UNK Hill had already UNK through , and New York itself was now left in the hands of the local UNK Congress .
The UNK de UNK , those sharp stakes and barriers around the fort at the UNK , pointed to a conflict between the town and sea power rolling in UNK swells as the tide came in .
Today , tomorrow , six months , even perhaps a year
From the UNK , hung on a UNK chair , David took out a good English razor , a present from John Hunter .
There would be great need soon for his skill as surgeon , but somehow he had not planned to use his knowledge merely for war .
David UNK had certain UNK UNK that this rebellion was not wholly what it appeared on the surface .
He was proud that he had never worn a UNK .
he did not have to hurry it by thinking too much .
He wondered how they could go on in poverty , superstition , ignorance , with a complete lack of desire to make either their land or their lives flourish .
He had sat beside Alexander UNK at the UNK of a UNK of UNK .
We all seek the same thing through different ways -- an end to this long night of two thousand years of darkness and unspeakable abuses which will continue to plague us until the Star of David flies over Zion '' .
This was how Alexander UNK expressed pure UNK .
In his heart he had no desire to go to Palestine .
He ground his teeth together .
Only Palestine , and I will never live to see Palestine because I did not believe .
He and UNK watched it carefully .
Lublin generally was the UNK of what would happen elsewhere .
The UNK Corps took in UNK and UNK UNK , and the UNK UNK UNK in blood and turned into drunken , UNK UNK .
`` I'm lucky that you were still living in Lublin '' .
Not a bad girl .
I hated you when I first came in .
`` Since the war I have seen the way the Germans have behaved and I think , Holy Mother , we have behaved like this for hundreds of years .
Why do we let the Germans do this '' ? ?
I've lost faith , Styka .
But now I think I hate it very much '' .
UNK UNK was beyond the bridge over the River UNK near the rail center .
Grabski UNK his way to the bottom of the soup bowl .
`` I am '' , she said .
I was crazy about her all over again .
What about him '' ? ?
If he UNK his nose in here I'll slug him '' .
I'm not a plaster saint .
UNK up was horrible .
She lay under the covers making UNK motions with her forefinger telling me where to look for the UNK .
UNK I could feel the hair stand up on the back of my neck like a UNK that is going to get into a fight .
UNK face without an expression in the world .
UNK meet UNK '' .
First thing I knew he was in the UNK cooking up the breakfast and I was handing Eileen her UNK and she was lying there handsome as a queen among her courtiers .
I didn't even have the nerve to call her on the telephone .
Of course I had to give her UNK address , but she never came near us .
All she did was write me a pleasant little note about how it was beautiful while it lasted but that now life had UNK our ways and it was UNK forever .
I use the phrase UNK because there was something positively indecent about our relationship .
To be on the safe side I never let Eileen get out of my sight day or night .
Still he let Eileen treat him like a UNK .
I never could find out what his business was .
Occasionally if I pushed him too far he'd give me a look out of narrowed eyes and the hard cruel bony UNK would show through that smooth face of his .
We still had that much in common .
The trouble was drinking cost money .
I don't know what we would have done if Pat UNK hadn't come to town .
Those UNK had that Irish UNK that made them stick together in spite of politics and everything .
All evening Eileen had been as UNK as a little girl getting ready for her first communion .
For once radicalism was a recommendation .
No matter how devoted a man was , no matter how fully he gave his life to the Lord , he could never UNK that one spark of pride that gave him definition as an individual .
All of the jobs in the mission might be equal in the eyes of the Lord , but they were certainly not equal in the eyes of the Lord's servants .
Even Rector himself was prey to this spirit of competition and he knew it , not for a more exalted office in the hierarchy of the church -- his ambitions for the UNK had died very early in his career -- but for the one clear victory he had talked about to the colonel .
`` I guess it will be all right .
`` No , only fourteen .
He said .
He went on to explain what he had in mind .
She could act and she could write .
There we shall be free and unknown ; ;
we can return the following morning
And he would see her that evening .
At their meeting he told her not to bother about `` where '' -- he would attend to that .
She sang him UNK charming ballad `` UNK '' , which was the vogue of the moment .
Each wore the UNK UNK at his waist but this , it seems , was not employed for UNK .
`` What about the bedroom '' ? ?
Claire felt suddenly small and cheap , heroine of a trivial episode in the UNK history of Don Juan .
`` UNK is UNK '' , he said .
He drew her close and , hand on cheek , turned her face to his .
UNK Mary .
William , he was called , in honor of the man who was at once Shelley's UNK and his most bitter UNK .
With a UNK irony Shelley wrote to the father who had publicly UNK his daughter :
`` A public of one '' , Mary echoed UNK .
`` There are other Mr. UNK .
He glanced back .
The officer , surprised , said he would have to see .
He had hoped to be alone in the UNK , but the soldier had followed him .
Watson UNK and then laughed aloud .
UNK ! !
They crept down the muddy slope toward the waiting boats .
He had reached the three passive guards ; ;
He felt a spectator interest .
The figure halted , and Watson gasped .
He reached down and closed his fingers on the man's upper arm .
-- Henry said that he'd take my arm and get me right there .
Watson paused for breath .
Watson turned away , sickened for the first time in many months .
The men UNK and scratched , begging to be taken away .
What do you do to them ? ?
No , nor later .
To confess with a canvas chair as a UNK , UNK at his heart until a rough and stupid hand UNK him rise and go ? ?
Watson spat on the ground .
Now he knew perfectly that he had but longed to increase his own suffering .
It would have been like her .
Mrs. Pastern undertook the work of going from house to house with the UNK resignation of an honest and traditional laborer .
He was happy enough to take the convertible and race up the hill to the UNK , thinking that they might give him a drink .
their maid gave him an envelope with a check in it and shut the door .
`` Your wife just called '' , she said , separating one word from another , exactly like a child .
UNK you step into the living room , where it's UNK '' ? ?
A fire had just been lighted , he saw , and things had been set out for drinks , and , like any stray , his response to these comforts was instantaneous .
The thought of this lonely woman sitting at her window touched him , although he was even more touched by her plumpness .
In the UNK he could see the trees stripped of their leaves .
And the stiffly UNK look of them , she saw grimly , lacked the UNK of age which , UNK the efforts of her amazing will , ran through her spoken words like a thin ragged string .
To Mark : `` Please give my regards to Myra '' .
I hope UNK bought them whole '' .
Then she looked at the old woman again , her eyes calm .
There's no greater catastrophe in the universe , she reflected UNK , UNK tender green beans on the silver fork , than the UNK away of a family .
It seemed to her , as it seemed each night , that the gloom drew itself in and became UNK at the UNK empty chairs , giving her the frequent illusion that she UNK with shadows .
`` She didn't mention bringing Myra '' , Mark said , maneuvering the car into the next lane .
I feel kind of bad about it '' .
Abel ignored the UNK bid for confirmation .
He turned from the flying trees to look ahead and saw with an inward boy's eye again the great UNK house which , built on one of the many acres of ancestral land bordering the west harbor , had been UNK UNK to his UNK as the last century ended .
'' Mark asked , and Abel lifted his eyes from the double lines in the middle of the road , the twin white ribbons which the car swallowed rapidly as it UNK the crest of the hill and came down .
He saw the UNK as she lay , her slender mast up and gently turning , its point describing constant UNK circles against a UNK sky .
Meeting it without preparation as they did , robbed of anticipation , a common disappointment seized them .
I shook him a little harder and made some noise .
I knew better but I was thinking of the Pedersen kid UNK in all that dough .
He's got him in the kitchen '' .
`` Pedersen '' ? ?
It's the Pedersen kid .
Hans found him froze .
You know I don't want to see Pedersen .
Pedersen .
He was beginning to see he was too mad to sleep .
`` Yeah '' .
`` Don't be smart .
You want the kid to die ? ?
Do you ? ?
`` Pa don't care about the kid '' .
All he cares about is his whisky and that dry crack in his face .
Nothing .
I was ready to jump but when Ma said she'd get the whisky it surprised him like it surprised me , and he ran down .
It should have been nearly as easy for her to remember that as it was for Big Hans to remember going after the axe while he was still UNK with Pa's yellow sick insides .
`` I'll get more snow '' , I said .
I took the pail and shovel and went out on the porch .
but since she didn't know we'd given it to her , there was no easy way of getting it back .
But now Ma .
He took pride in his hiding .
`` Hold his head up '' .
Stowey UNK was internationally famous , a UNK of a genuine Americana in foreign eyes , an original designer whose UNK childishness with steel and concrete was made even more UNK sincere by his personality .
Sometimes he would UNK softly to some invisible UNK beside him , sometimes he would look stern and UNK as his pencil did what he disapproved .
He had a deep voice which was full of good food she had cooked , and good humor ; ;
She even spoke differently when she was clean , and she was clean now for his departure and her voice clear and rather sharp .
She called , trying to attain a half humorous resentment at his departure .
She enjoyed great parties when she would sit up talking and dancing and drinking all night , but it always seemed to her that being alone , especially alone in her house , was the UNK part of life .
Now she could let out the three UNK without fear they would be stepped on or that Stowey would let them out one of the doors ; ;
UNK UNK on the UNK ; ;
People died , she would have said , in hospitals , or in cars on the highway at night .
When Linda Kay had put up her breakfast dishes and UNK her UNK UNK , she would go to the Big House .
There was much embracing , much UNK .
`` We were on our vacation in Canada '' , Howard explained , in a muffled voice that must have been used to UNK , `` and the news didn't catch up with us till we were nearly home .
We didn't expect him to come along ; ;
Bobby Joe was thinking about something else .
UNK along the UNK road to town , Howard talked .
She exclaimed .
Bobby Joe and two or three of the other boys declared they had never been UNK , and Uncle Bill UNK ( from Mama UNK side of the family ) said he would just get up from there and take them , right then .
Linda Kay felt that she was not exactly more comfortable .
He UNK the UNK and they responded with delighted UNK , he UNK with the UNK and they at once were all attention , he UNK with the UNK , and UNK with a pair of exceedingly flattered UNK .
The purchase was effected and they made their way towards the hotel again , the hen , with whom some sort of communication had been set up , UNK in the doctor's arms .
They waited three minutes and then crept out on UNK ; ;
UNK they were in any case for , as he stood facing the fille de UNK , his ears were UNK by new sounds from the interior of the shower room .
Alex returned to the hotel , rather weary and with no new prospects of a role , in the late afternoon , but found the doctor in an UNK mood .
`` Here '' , Winston said gently , `` what's these dishes doing not washed '' ? ?
`` Leave me alone '' , Leona said .
`` This is moving day '' , Winston reminded her , `` and I bet you left things every which way upstairs , your clothes all over the floor and the bed not made .
His eye had fastened on her leg ; ;
`` UNK , UNK , old man '' .
He drew back , embarrassed and pleased .
Said you wore yourself out , cleaning all these empty rooms '' .
He hardly believed his reason himself any more .
He had on his gray tweed overcoat and his city hat , and his brief case lay on the bench .
That house was ten years off his life let himself .
Still , he had liked the way she had looked , in a fresh , neat cotton dress -- UNK yellow , if he remembered .
She had had a dignity about her , even barefoot and almost too tan .
In a week the UNK would UNK out .
And the UNK in early May , for Miss UNK UNK party ; ;
Winston had the big straw basket ready in the hall .
The UNK UNK '' .
Winston followed her around the room , collecting the small frail objects ( Christmas , birthday , and anniversary ) and wrapping them in tissue paper .
When they came to Mr. Jack's photograph , twenty by twelve inches in a UNK silver frame , Miss Ada said , `` By rights I ought to leave that , seeing he won't take my UNK '' .
And it was his main present ! !
`` Really , Winston .
`` She's been talking about a picture '' , Winston had told him .
`` UNK ! !
Winston had heard her shaking out the skirt of her new pink silk hostess gown .
`` Look , an old man .
I'm going to put it on my UNK '' .
`` I'll give you a medical certificate , framed , if you like '' , Miss Ada had said .
Was it love ? ?
It was late , we were playing kissing games , and Jessica and I were called on to kiss in front of the others .
We blushed and were UNK , and it turned out to be the UNK brush of lips upon cheek .
It was at that party that , finally overcoming my UNK , inspired by tales only UNK and overheard among older boys , I asked UNK to spend New Year's Eve with me .
Among my school and neighborhood friends , during the next months , I UNK and UNK and UNK described my impending date .
It was a quarter of seven when the crowd washed me up among the other UNK who had established the UNK steps as the UNK from which to launch their night of UNK .
It seemed incredible , as I listened to the monotonous UNK of voices and smelled the UNK odors coming from the patients , that technically I was a ward of the state of Illinois , going to a hospital for the mentally ill .
I had told her enough about myself to offset somewhat the UNK stories that had appeared in local newspapers after my little adventure in Marshall Field & Co. .
I asked .
Don't tell me about UNK .
`` I wouldn't have gone into nursing if I didn't care about people .
When I think of people like you , well , I '' --
They all mean well , have great promises to make when they are about to go home , but drinking is their sickness .
There was no money for tuition , for clothes , for all the things you apparently take for granted .
What about your that girl you were going to kill '' ? ?
It was just that she felt deeply about every patient on the ward and wanted to believe that they might benefit from their treatment there .
As the bus turned into the main highway and headed toward Hanover I settled back in my seat and closed my eyes , thinking over the events of the past two weeks , trying to put the pieces in order .
We opened on Friday and closed the following Monday .
I closed the last bag and stood all three at the door for the UNK to pick up , then went to the bathroom for a drink of water .
`` All right '' , I said .
He had just returned my change when the UNK came in off the street to page me .
He asked .
Can you find it all right '' ? ?
One of the hardest chores a detective has is hanging around on a city street , trying to make himself UNK , keeping an eye on the entrance of an office building and waiting .
Your leg muscles and back muscles feel weary .
He came out alone .
`` Oh , that's all right '' , he said .
You don't want to lease a place way out in the sticks .
I was held up a bit trying to make a left turn .
Traffic was pretty heavy .
I stayed half a block behind him , letting lots of cars keep in between us , listening to the steady UNK UNK UNK .
I turned left too soon and got a signal showing that I was still behind him but he was to the right .
I could get up close to him where there was traffic but had to drop far behind when there wasn't traffic .
not like the UNK construction of so many of the motel units that have stucco all over the outside but walls that are thin enough so you can hear every movement of the people in the adjoining apartment .
I reached over and switched off the electronic UNK device .
Roberta glanced up at her husband .
Dave had the latch under his thumb now and he removed his arm from his wife in order to pull the door open .
It was getting light .
The fat man removed his apron , put on a greasy and wrinkled jacket , and UNK it over his UNK .
`` UNK I know '' ? ?
`` Remember how she looked when Barney held the door for her ? ?
`` -- had enough brains to call UNK up so as UNK could do UNK about it when the parents -- I UNK let her go go '' -- His eyes were lowered , so he couldn't have seen the narrow , pointed face of his companion suddenly UNK with fury ; ;
but he was aware of it just the same .
Grosse quietly got a UNK and started to sweep up the sugar .
And put UNK gun back '' .
`` I know '' .
Grosse spread his hands .
`` UNK all , Vince .
`` I got one question '' .
Barney was not really frightening .
So , he understood her panic .
She blew her nose on a tissue and opened the UNK bottle .
Still no answer .
He seemed to be looking at a point above the little window .
Lauren said , `` Please '' ? ?
Her heart was thumping painfully ; ;
Her mother and father , for instance .
Her father's attention would be on the road ahead and it wouldn't UNK an inch until he crossed the bridge at the Falls and took the River Road to UNK and , finally , turned in at their own driveway at UNK UNK Heights .
`` Dave .
There was a wet spot -- she couldn't have been gone long '' .
He inserted the car key in the lock .
He asked , keeping his voice casual .
Perhaps they had a car or truck and would drive him into town .
He remembered a story he had read as a youth .
Now UNK and his friends were returning to seek him out .
There was nothing he could do except jump into the ditch .
And then the station wagon and the Ford would seek him out again .
He lost all sense of dignity .
They would reach him at almost exactly the same instant .
In a fraction of a second the pickup truck UNK by on the other side .
It was the sound of a UNK .
Why didn't you wait at the UNK house ? ?
Every man in every one of these houses is a Night Rider .
He listened a moment and then said , `` Hold it '' .
Rourke confirmed the appointment over the phone and hung up .
Shayne said briskly , `` Grab another drink if you want it .
`` It's out in the Northeast section .
Shayne asked , peering ahead at the partially obscured street sign .
Turn to the left , I think , for that number you gave me .
Shayne drove westward from the Boulevard slowly , letting Rourke UNK his head out the window and watch for street numbers .
`` The things you talk me into , Mike .
Shayne chuckled .
I made them show me their identification before I could be persuaded not to call on Felice Perrin '' .
Be excited and don't identify yourself .
Then hang up fast and come walking on down to the Perrin address .
Shayne strode out UNK , and Rourke checked his watch and UNK his drink , getting a UNK ready to make the telephone call to the police .
He went swiftly up the sidewalk toward the parked car with the two Beach detectives in the front seat .
Geely grunted and slid partly out , and UNK left arm UNK in around his neck to help him , while he set himself solidly on the roadway and swung his right fist to the big , UNK jaw before Geely could straighten up .
He dropped him into the street a couple of feet away from UNK UNK figure and stared down at both of them for a moment before kicking the big man lightly in the side .
`` They'll have fun explaining that to the Miami cops .
A row of UNK along the wall had numbers and names on them .
Mickey was on his knees when Roberts turned on the stairs and the razor flashed in his hand .
Mickey waited with slack arms .
Then Roberts was on him , UNK for breath and for a couple of seconds Mickey lost sight of the blade .
He got a knee up into Roberts' belly , used both hands and UNK him clear , then scrambled to his feet .
There's no way to take him in now and keep those other two -- UNK and the one who hired the two of them -- from finding out about Roberts and UNK out .
The local law here would hold me till they check clear back home , and maybe more than that .
Only me .
He climbed the stairs , went into Roberts' room , found a suitcase and packed as much into it as he could .
He left a few things .
Roberts was a UNK .
He was mildly surprised to find it was snowing .
It UNK softly , silently , an UNK interruption of his vision against the night sky .
The body was heavier than he had anticipated .
The soft snow was UNK UNK .
It was too late to worry about that .
It was a relief to get rid of the weight .
He went back once more to the Jeep and started the short drive to the hotel .
He judged her to be a woman of some pride , though not much sense .
That courtyard picture with the same UNK '' .
He explained the background of the case , ending with the tenuous clue which had brought him to Gulf Springs .
But , of course , you couldn't see too well through the veil '' .
Do they still live here '' ? ?
Mr. UNK is a private detective , Hirey .
`` I'll just leave the door open .
`` They're all here , back to 1865 '' , Carruthers told him .
Near it was a metal ladder on UNK attached to the top shelf .
There was a marked contrast in the amount of information on bride and groom .
Now for their UNK from Gulf Springs .
The item said Mr. and Mrs. Black had moved to Jackson , his home town -- so the lovely Lisa had been with him a year ago .
In the middle of the stock market crash , he heard a slight noise in the outer office .
Whoever it was had meant to shut him up in here , had followed him and waited till the UNK and square were deserted .
To come back later and kill him after the stores had closed around the square and everybody had left ? ?
Nobody could hear what was going on in this underground UNK .
`` Look , my friend '' , he said , `` in my life I learn , how is it the proverb says , better an UNK of prevention to a pound of cure .
`` That's a long while '' , said Angie .
`` It's O.K. , UNK , UNK O.K. Ain't it , Mr. Skyros '' ? ?
I don't know if I can manage it tonight or tomorrow , but I'll try my best , my friend .
You see , you got to remember , we all got schedules , like any business ! !
A couple decks for me , Mr. Skyros -- and UNK to sell , see , I like to have a little ready cash '' .
`` Sure , Mr. Skyros .
Sure .
`` Standard deal , Mr. Skyros .
He got out of there in a hurry , brushing past another man in the door , UNK his brow .
After this deal with the UNK woman went through .
She did not notice that the customer seized her purchase and turned away without a smile or a word of thanks .
The kind who came into a cheap store like this ! !
To be Katharine Ross , and work in a UNK shop somewhere , at a little more money so she could have UNK clothes , and learn ladies' manners and all like that , and get to know different people than up to now , not just the ones like her here , with UNK names , the ones went to the same church and -- Different place , different job , different people , she'd be all different too .
He asked her severely .
UNK to hear you quarrel about her ! !
Sarah remembered it clearly .
She opened it an inch and poked out the keys for me to give you .
`` I forgot .
She had UNK away , she had been gone for a long time probably when Sarah suddenly realized that she ought to stop her , pour out the coffee , so no one would drink it .
She was deeply , UNK sure that Lucien had filled it with opium .
Sarah had begun to tell Lucien of Emile , she had begun to question and a little draft had crept across the room from the bedroom door , open barely enough to show a rim of blackness in the hall .
she wouldn't run like a scared cat .
Rev had stressed the need for money .
She come to the kitchen and say she take it up to you '' .
Glendora UNK away .
She ate what she could and went out along the covered UNK , with the rain dripping from the vines .
She stood for a moment , rain dripping from the trees over her head , thinking of Maude .
She couldn't see how her death could affect Maude .
George had a UNK hammer .
Rev looked up and saw her .
And what news , Sarah thought as UNK as Maude might have said it .
Her words UNK together and she all but ran from the office and from the question in UNK face .
Now why did I do that ? ?
She thought as warm , UNK rain touched her face .
But he still wanted to know why .
She was the sun , he the closest planet UNK around her , the rest of the world existing and visible yet removed .
He looked at Gilborn with UNK curiosity .
Except that Kitti wasn't there .
Who ? ?
Who ? ?
He would lie in it no more .
Gilborn put on his coat again .
The figures on the UNK paper in front of her were jumping and waving around so badly it was all she could do to make them out clearly enough to copy them with the typewriter .
He hadn't .
She thought she was going to die .
But Blanche had been able to maintain a serene and assured UNK in the face of her widowed mother's continued UNK , had been able to resist her UNK to date anyone who offered the slightest possibility of UNK .
And then , unexpectedly , Stanley made his announcement .
Kitti could have married a score of men .
Blanche knew all this because the door to UNK office was open and , without straining too hard , she could hear everything that was said .
Stanley had gone out , saying he would be back in an hour .
On the morning of UNK return , however , her strength left her .
Mostly , she stayed in bed .
In the same way he UNK UNK a UNK and bouncing UNK off that , pressing his hands against the floor and bouncing UNK off that .
Perhaps if Felix had first come upon us when this boy was not UNK so gaily up and down the hall outside the murdered woman's apartment , we might have had less trouble convincing Felix of our seriousness .
You're a taxpayer , UNK , landlord .
We were not , however , prepared for anything like the UNK that confronted us as Felix came up the stairs .
Felix threw his head back and laughed a laugh that shook the timbers of even that solidly built old house .
He had only a fringe of hair and he wore it cropped short .
For a man of his mass he was curiously short .
We waited till he had finished laughing , and that gave us a few moments for taking stock of him .
`` Felix '' ? ?
`` You live in the present '' ? ?
Come right along .
We followed him up the stairs .
He snapped to UNK at UNK entrance .
And once Bake slipped in , pale and drawn , last night's liquor still on his breath with some of today's added to it .
He asked if there was anything he could do .
They succeeded in UNK the curious at the hotel , but there was no chance of avoiding them at the UNK .
It was signed by everyone in the UNK .
Andy couldn't help but be touched .
My men have been here all afternoon , setting up for this thing '' .
What do you expect to get tonight , anyway ? ?
But Bonner departed , still full of ill will .
`` What's he complaining about '' ? ?
They were right .
the evening was still not beyond UNK , not as a show but for him as a person .
Vecchio was nodding and pointing at the large suitcase he held .
He drew a deep breath .
Ray , if you please -- the ' UNK Song ' '' .
He wondered if the audience would let him finish .
But when he was finally through , their scorn was made apparent .
Someone UNK tentatively then quickly stopped .
The UNK here , all of it '' .
All the UNK horses and all the UNK men
His son watched until he got as far as the hall , almost out of sight , then hurried after .
under the UNK brows the pale old eyes burned with a bitter memory .
`` They took it away , UNK or something '' .
His voice grew high and trembling .
`` Also , that Mr. Ferguson was here .
He rose from his chair .
For a moment he thought of going into UNK office to explain that he had to leave , but there was now such a pain in his chest , such a pounding in his head , that he decided to let it go .
It was just that little accidents played into her hands .
She wouldn't be UNK planning his destruction .
He drove , and the road UNK , familiar scenes crept past on either side .
There was really no place to go , finally , except home to Mae .
Cooper was beside his car , on the curb at the right , just standing there UNK ; ;
A new idea drifted in from nowhere .
UNK .
`` I've been looking for them , and they're gone .
Put down the cup of coffee .
She took another bite of toast .
`` I've never owned any painting UNK .
A man with a sketch pad in hand sat with a large pink woman in a small office at the end of a long , dim corridor and made pencil lines on paper and said , `` Is this more like it , Mrs. UNK ? ?
he had been at the Dumont for almost a week .
UNK to find what was wanted , as was most likely , check out other guests , with special -- but not exclusive -- attention to those with rooms on the street .
( Anyone active enough can reach a roof , wherever his room may be .
The UNK : sorry .
No oil .
pass word when there was word to pass .
The UNK ; ;
Faith Constable had had to `` go on '' from the party and had , presumably , gone on .
UNK -- her husband wandering ? ?
He also reminded himself that he had an unusual number of possibilities .
UNK .
Mullins ? ?
I ought to remember .
Much better to break a cellar window '' .
particles of UNK and thread in the mouth and UNK .
UNK from the bed linen identical with the UNK and thread found in the UNK and oral UNK .
UNK examined for UNK , UNK or hemorrhage .
Oh , the time of death .
Arthur Williams had to be located , they agreed .
that she was active in the Woman's Club and he in UNK , Rotary , and UNK ; ;
She'd have consulted us , you see .
Very nice for him .
Brian Thayer was a thoroughly honest and competent administrator .
He occupied a UNK apartment on the fourth floor , using the second bedroom as his office .
UNK and bright , the apartment was furnished with good modern furniture , UNK , and UNK .
It contained a desk , files , a typewriter on a stand , and two big leather UNK .
Thayer folded it up and offered a drink .
`` It's all I think about , too .
`` I'll show you how wrong you are .
`` UNK us , two flights up .
Hoag grabbed him by the shoulders .
`` Listen to me , UNK .
If you want to spend another day in the State Department -- another day -- you get in there and tell that captain what I told you '' .
`` UNK does it , Phil .
He turned and fled into the house and made his way up the marble stairs without once looking back .
He took several large UNK , UNK that Docherty had gone up another flight , and decided he would be wise to cover himself by finding him .
it was UNK embarrassing -- `` not to let the prime minister be alone with Mahzeer '' .
`` Why not '' ? ?
Could the ambassador himself be the man on this side the prime minister feared ? ?
`` Would you mind sending him up here ? ?
they would be going over papers Mahzeer had saved as excuse for just such a meeting .
Hoag turned .
Most of them could be eliminated ; ;
With a cop UNK the road Muller would have to be inside a building -- if he was here at all , and not waiting for the prime minister somewhere between this street and the terminal building at La UNK Airport .
the UNK occupants were still seated or they had been called into the hallway by an alarmed police captain .
He had assumed that all these buildings had been divided into apartments , but this one , from a glance at the hall furnishings , was obviously still a functioning town house , and its owners were in residence ; ;
Now what ? ?
Muller was attracted to the lore of UNK .
He paused on the landing to steady his breathing and then bent to examine the single door by the light of the weak bulb overhead .
Was there time ? ?
His thoughts were scattered by the sharp report of a rifle from the other side of the door .
a following volley of shots shattered glass , UNK the ceiling , and sent him UNK heavily from the table .
The lieutenant eyed UNK reflection in the mirror over the UNK and then glanced back at his own face , moving the comb methodically around his head .
UNK was being called .
`` I called the station at three this morning '' , Killpath's UNK voice pronounced .
A car pulled into the driveway outside the window .
Gun held his breath a moment , pushing the volume and pitch of his voice down under the UNK in his throat .
`` Sir .
Gun stiffened , his hands UNK into fists at his sides .
Mr. Phillips had only to signal from his doorway to UNK aid from the UNK UNK children who played on the sidewalks of Mission Street .
He was perhaps UNK , nicely set up , with light brown hair that had a pronounced wave .
An only child , he had done all the things that young men do who have been born to money and social position until his father UNK him by dying broke .
She had grown up with young Jenkins , and he had heard that they had been at the point of getting married at least twice .
Casey watched them go , still frowning absently and then UNK the matter as he called for his check .
Because his mind had been otherwise occupied for the past couple of hours , he did not think to look and see if Jerry UNK car was still there .
The discarded papers inside were UNK , there was a UNK of liquid at the bottom , and the smell of whisky was strong and distinct .
Even so , he generally listened and was usually reasonable to those who voiced their objections properly .
`` Look '' , he said .
That's all I know about it and that's all I care '' .
`` But I meant what I said , Casey .
He , Casey , had been scared for a while , but that had come mostly from the fact that he felt responsible .
If you want a picture get to the corner of Adams and Clark just as fast as you can .
He did not bother with his radio -- there would be time for that later -- but as he scrambled out on the pavement he saw the filling station and the public telephone booth and knew instantly how he had been summoned .
Once , in New York , he had gone flying with some friends in a small private airplane with a single engine .
No one had prayed .
All had fallen into a complete silence , listening to the wind UNK over the wings .
There had been tension in the plane during the silent descent ; ;
a tension similar to the one now .
Elaine nodded .
Nick asked , UNK , staring at the weapon .
They remained close together , their air trail UNK like UNK traveling side by side .
Off to the west a beautiful UNK slowly beat its way into the wind , headed on a UNK toward San UNK .
UNK down to the galley , he lit the UNK under the coffee pot and when the UNK was heated , poured himself a cup and went up to the UNK .
`` Any luck '' ? ?
Poet shook his head , sliding his face mask up on his forehead .
Poet ! !
Her face was frozen into the mask of a UNK , her body absolutely motionless .
And then Nick knew that all of them knew Elaine , himself and Poet .
But her walk was too steady , too slow , UNK her fear .
UNK like a cat , he leaped back , UNK up the spring gun and , whirling , pointed it toward the cabin .
The rubber and glass face mask slipped from Poet's forehead , bounced UNK off Nick's chin , then disappeared .
Poet twisted again and Nick's knuckles scraped on the air tank , UNK off the skin .
You sure climbed fast , Jed .
UNK a college education pays off '' .
When I say move , a guy moves '' ! !
Julia Buck , the deceased '' , Moore said , slipping me his smug , UNK again .
Don't know why the County had to send anybody up here .
Nellie was in the kitchen , had just come to work , when she heard Tim arguing with Julia in the living room .
`` Yeah , it's a real load '' , I told him , looking up the street at my battered Ford .
Five racing minutes later we pulled into the driveway of this typical two-story house , and when the Jaguar stopped I managed to swallow .
Nellie Harris wasn't old , she was ancient -- a tiny UNK woman with a face like a tan UNK .
I do the living room last .
I went up stairs and did the bath and her bedroom -- way I always do in the morning '' .
`` Her '' ? ?
We did 80 miles an hour across a hard dirt road to a cluster of UNK .
Mrs. Tim Williams was about 21 , with skin the color of bitter chocolate , and if you UNK the plain dress and worn slippers , she was startlingly pretty .
UNK out like this won't get him anything , except more trouble , or a bullet '' .
The Harbor is a big UNK basin in the summer .
I got into the front seat .
She mumbled , `` I just know that Chief Moore is out to kill my Tim '' ! !
You know where Tim is , don't you , Mrs. Williams '' ? ?
To the hotel people , you'll just be an innocent tourist who happens to ask for that particular suite '' .
UNK the UNK and UNK who waited on Beauclerk .
Diana Beauclerk was a second-rate actress living in New York .
Daniel Forbes , her divorced husband , lived there .
UNK the number 1105 stood one word : UNK .
The clerk's glance followed Alec's .
At the same rate '' .
`` UNK with a UNK disease been in there '' ? ?
`` There is no story '' , he UNK UNK .
There was no hint of a violent struggle now .
Deal furniture with a mahogany finish was neatly arranged as if it stood in the window of a department store .
If you want my advice , pack up and take the next train back to New York '' .
There were three -- one leading to a bathroom , one to the hall , and one to the room next door which was UNK -- locked or bolted on the other side .
Alec locked the hall door and put the key with his watch on the bedside table .
He crawled into bed and switched off the light .
In less than five minutes Alec was asleep .
The UNK betrayed him with a UNK .
He UNK out blindly with his right .
Alec waited a moment , on guard .
Nothing happened .
What has this to do with the present ? ?
They had learned , both of them , about Abraham UNK .
Yes , gentlemen , I am getting to the point , to my point .
Just think of old UNK UNK who pulled the teeth of Dark UNK ( her real name was UNK ) , and because he UNK the job and left two UNK UNK she put such a UNK on him that he thought his legs were made of glass .
After that he was never known to run or even walk fast .
Those who lived in that UNK of rocky UNK took on some of the UNK stony character .
) Even I can remember nothing but ruined UNK and tumbled pillars , and nobody has lived there in the memory of any living man .
Both Red UNK and Handley Walker lived nearby , almost as near as I do .
They are ? ?
) Well , anyhow , Dogtown Common is so much off the beaten track nowadays that only Sunday UNK still stray up there , from time to time .
UNK , railroad , lack of water , killed Dogtown .
I knew Red and Handley well .
As I said , they were both painters .
What's that ? ?
One other cause of jealousy between them I must tell you .
UNK and UNK as Red UNK was , he was much the better painter .
Eyes that were clear , but also bright with a strange intensity , a sort of cold fire burning behind them .
No , the man was not drunk
His shout had been UNK , something anybody might have done without thinking , on the spur of the moment .
Phil usually went alone and kept to himself , sitting in a corner and passing the time by nursing his favorite UNK .
When he finally got the UNK under control , he realized that Pete ( all he gave was his first name ) was still waiting for an answer -- he didn't even seem to wink as he continued to stare .
Thanks anyhow '' .
Why don't they tell me themselves if it UNK them '' ? ?
It will take a little time .
I want to study your UNK habits and movements first .
Pete smiled UNK .
Of course On Thursday , Haney mailed the monthly check for separate maintenance to his wife UNK , and wished the stranger could do something about her
He had already quite forgotten about him .
He began to wish that he hadn't shouted that other evening when the truck bore down through the crossing .
`` But why pay her bills ? ?
If she runs around with other men , and if you hate her as you say , why not just divorce her '' ? ?
`` That bitch would love a divorce '' , he growled .
You should have told me about her before '' .
Haney UNK the liquor in the bottom of his glass .
He hesitated a second , looking at the bottle , before he said `` UNK '' , and I reassured him .
`` UNK UNK '' , I told him .
On the way I gave him the scoop .
I introduced my friend Larry to Pops and we made ourselves comfortable .
This was the same , except that it was the murder of one man by two men and neither of us was wearing gloves .
It was a lead pipe UNK .
There was a sound like the one you produce by UNK a UNK with your finger , only louder , and Pops fell forward from the waist and then over sidewise .
That way we'll never know which of us really killed him and which was just the UNK .
Charlie said , `` Good boy .
The candle had been stuck on a tin lid so it wouldn't set fire to the UNK when it UNK out .
We decided to leave the third one intact for tomorrow .
he UNK them thoroughly and then we tore them into tiny pieces and UNK them down .
He'd been there several times , back when , while he and Radic had been friends , or at least not enemies .
I took a deep breath , and the plunge .
And , in case , I brought the money with me '' .
there was much to grok , loose ends to puzzle over and fit into his growing -- all that he had seen and heard and been at the UNK Foster UNK ( not just UNK when he and Digby had come face to face alone ) why Bishop Senator UNK made him UNK uneasy , how Miss UNK UNK tasted like a water brother when she was not , the smell of goodness he had UNK UNK in the jumping up and down and wailing --
he studied them , compared them with what he had been taught as a UNK , struggling to bridge between languages , the one he thought with and the one he was learning to think in .
The word `` church '' which turned up over and over again among UNK words gave him UNK difficulty ; ;
In his mind he spoke simultaneously the English sentence and the Martian word and felt closer grokking .
UNK it like a student telling himself that the UNK is in the UNK he sank into UNK .
`` A fine idea '' , Mike agreed .
`` Mike , there's Mars .
He hesitated ; ;
the question was too wide for the sparse English language .
`` Larry teaches plants to grow .
Mike had not heard it ; ;
`` You knew him '' ? ?
He rolled toward her and took her in his arms .
Part of the time saved was spent on a preliminary estimate for a UNK plan to free bound oxygen in the sands of Mars to make the planet more friendly to future human generations .
A funeral parlor chain was UNK for UNK .
Digby calmed down , but made one request .
But , I'm telling you , it'll be turned down -- you don't understand the System yet .
`` You mean this UNK can brush me aside and I've got to hold still for it '' ? ?
His household had gone through an upset .
Jubal couldn't reconstruct the crime from the way the girls behaved because patterns kept shifting -- UNK UNK D , then UNK UNK A or UNK UNK CD , or UNK UNK UNK , through all ways that four women can gang up on each other .
Even UNK Anne -- Hell , Anne was the worst ! !
`` UNK me , UNK '' , said Hal .
Was ? ?
`` Please pardon me again , UNK '' , said Hal .
Perhaps , the psychological barriers that had prevented her from UNK UNK child would no longer be present .
Then , after slowing the vessel considerably , the drive would adjust to a UNK UNK .
And , from the first , he faced a difficult task .
the sounds made by these organs were , therefore , UNK .
( Or , perhaps , especially in an Angel , whose assumptions had mostly been fixed millions of years ago .
There was nothing he could do but wait .
`` We UNK you '' , he said slowly .
of curiosity ; ;
`` All the more reason , then '' , Jack said , `` why we must have a treaty .
Yet there was some precedent for it .
The history of disarmament agreements , for instance , had been UNK dismal ; ;
suspicion between member states still existed , but it was of about the same low order of UNK as the twentieth-century rivalry between Arizona and California over water supplies .
In fact , it had to be tried .
but there was no small way to handle this one .
For a moment he could make no sense at all of what he saw .
Gradually , he realized that the UNK of Angel elders had vanished , and that the ritual learning dance of the nursery had been broken up .
`` Where ? ?
It seemed unlikely that her crew , if either of them were alive , could even see the UNK , for they were passing her at a distance of nearly a UNK .
The sail , ragged though it was , still had enough surface to catch some of the ocean of power being poured out from the nursery stars .
The curve on the card the computer spat back at him couldn't be argued with , however .
Without an UNK transition , the green light that meant full fusion power winked on the board .
His small black eyes darted inside the olive oval of his face .
These planets were much bigger , nearly all capable of holding an atmosphere .
`` UNK .
UNK the ship .
Think they're intelligent , maybe hostile '' ? ?
`` I think they're dead '' , Ekstrohm UNK quietly .
`` UNK '' , Nogol confirmed .
The strong negative field his suit set up would help to repel bacteria and insects .
They ignored the ladder down to the planet surface and , with only a glance at the UNK gauge to judge surface resistance , dropped to the ground .
UNK it '' ? ?
`` I think we'd better let it lay until we get a clearer picture of the UNK setup around here .
`` But what about our landing was lethal to the creatures '' ? ?
Ekstrohm suggested .
`` Maybe '' , the captain admitted .
These UNK went real sudden '' .
There was a UNK of wind , and a cracking of the frozen ground .
Ekstrohm stood up .
But what was there to do ? ?
Ekstrohm never slept .
Others admitted he was absolutely correct -- he never slept .
Naturally , he couldn't let his UNK know this .
UNK would ground him from the UNK Service , on physiological if not psychological grounds .
In a camp , instead of UNK , hiding the secret was easier .
On impulse , he UNK up the heat control on his UNK and slid back the hatch of the bubble .
It took him a few seconds to put his thoughts in order , and then he got up from the bunk where he had been resting , UNK .
What did you do with them '' ? ?
What do you think I did with them '' ? ?
There was no ring of animal corpses .
Why accuse a UNK of being behind this '' ? ?
You've been riding on a pink ticket for six years , you know that '' .
Now comes this ! !
`` Ryan , there are other explanations for the disappearance of the bodies .
I give you my word I'm not trying to pull some stupid kind of joke , or to deliberately UNK up the expedition .
Ryan shook his head .
Any other reaction would have been reported instantly .
`` You people don't have UNK vision '' .
`` Here , this will help '' , suggested Helva , UNK a UNK device in one extension and holding it over the picture .
She would work out a method , UNK her limitations , whereby she could sing .
After experimentation , Helva discovered that she could UNK her UNK unit to sustain tone .
She compared the results with tape recordings of modern singers and was not UNK although her own UNK had a peculiar quality about them , not at all UNK , merely unique .
Shell people were encouraged to develop a hobby so long as they maintained UNK in their technical work .
Her first actual flight , for she and her kind had made mock flights on UNK panels since she was eight , showed her complete mastery of the techniques of her profession .
`` No one has come .
He stumbled and fell , but it did not hurt .
We can die , too , we can die like real people .
Mercer smiled at her through his happiness .
The half-man laughed with something close to real humor .
Mercer got the UNK needle .
he felt the far , cool flash of unimportant pain , as B'dikkat UNK the wound with a corrosive antiseptic which stopped all bleeding immediately .
Or was that after the torso and legs , waist to UNK , of the little girl which had grown from his side ? ?
but the UNK thing about their relationship was her whisper to him , repeated some thousands of time , repeated with smiles and hope , `` People never live forever '' .
The bodies in the truck UNK and UNK without human speech when the dromozoa struck them .
`` People never live forever '' .
They did not have the wit to follow the stars in their courses , to exchange names with each other , to harvest the experience of each for the wisdom of all .
Now I can only write , and that only when I get out of pain .
He cleaned his shovel , left it against the fence , picked up his Winchester , and started UNK .
He asked , `` Could we have a drink '' ? ?
She had reached a point at which she didn't even care how she looked .
Her blond hair was UNK , her dress torn in several places , and her shoes were so completely worn out that they were practically no protection .
They looked a good deal alike , Morgan thought .
Morgan filled the dipper from the water bucket on the shelf , went back into the front room , lifted the girl's head , and held the edge of the dipper to her mouth .
`` We've been looking for work , but all the ranchers have turned us down '' .
`` I'll see '' , Morgan said .
`` I'm a mess '' , she said , and suddenly she was alarmed .
`` Who are you ? ?
`` I don't have many strays coming to my front door '' , he said .
`` Start in .
It's not much of a meal , but it's what I eat '' .
When he saw the expression in her eyes , he knew he couldn't send them on .
You'll have to go to town to see the UNK '' .
The girl asked .
The bed isn't made , but you'll find plenty of blankets there '' .
He stopped , embarrassed , and Morgan said , `` I understand that , but I don't UNK why you'd go off and leave your jobs in the first place '' .
`` We got fired '' , Jones said .
`` He stuck with me all these years .
I treated them fair ''
Now there's UNK left of me .
Clayton freed himself from the embrace and stepped back .
There isn't much time .
`` She doesn't want you now .
I have to think about it .
A man could make a mark there .
`` Yes , like a father and son '' .
`` I loved this valley '' , he whispered UNK .
UNK would come soon and the night was at its coldest .
In that inert landscape the UNK of his desires passed before his mind .
The silence oppressed him , made him bend low over the horse's neck as if to hide from a wind that had begun to blow far away and was twisting slowly through the darkness in its slow search .
The UNK light spread over the ground and the valley revealed in the first UNK the contours of trees and fences and UNK UNK UNK .
He worked his tongue round and round in the hollow of his cheek and his voice came out of his throat , dry and cracked .
That's what you wanted , isn't it ? ?
Joe UNK was thinking back many years .
He remembered UNK UNK smile in the saloon when he had asked him what he would do if they brought their cattle to water .
UNK turned back to the men and he was drunk with the thing they would do , wild to break from the UNK warmth of the saloon into the cold of the UNK night .
The clouds UNK and hard UNK of sunlight UNK down to stain the earth with streaks of white and gold light so that the shadows of the running horses flowed like dark streams over the dazzling snow .
The mare began to tire and Clayton felt the spray of snow from the hoofs of Gavin's UNK .
Julia , seeing the bandage , rushed to him .
Mike UNK them .
But it at least offered him a chance for living .
No doubt there would be men guarding the horses .
`` The way you were careful '' ? ?
He UNK .
And using him , Mike UNK , as a UNK to her pride .
`` Up you go '' ! !
`` Ride '' ! !
It's our only chance now .
He lifted a screeching war UNK .
They UNK questions that were not answered in the UNK .
The orderly room seemed to be deserted .
A brace of UNK , UNK on belts , hung from a UNK , along with ammunition UNK .
Its force spun him around , but he recovered and got into stride again .
Another struck him heavily in the thigh and he went down .
Susan bounced to her feet and slammed the door .
The iron hinges held , but the UNK were in danger of being torn from the UNK .
UNK were only a dozen yards away , charging the house .
The blaze was spreading to the frame buildings .
The guerrillas realized they faced a new problem .
Hurry '' ! !
Lew UNK yelled .
`` So it wasn't the earthquake that made him return to his village '' ! !
Hell , they were UNK each other so hard they had no time for anyone else .
I saw that letter .
The cooks had prepared one of the best meals we'd had in a long time , and on UNK orders had baked enough bread to last the day .
Oso slept UNK , his rifle UNK in his arms ; ;
`` Wait until my shot .
His mouth was open , his neck UNK with the strain of his UNK .
UNK rifle cracked .
The feathered UNK was still above his head .
He started to run but UNK shot caught him on the wing .
In my sights I watched him looming bigger and bigger .
UNK shot had caught him high in the chest ; ;
But a few reached our wall .
In the distance we could hear the drums and the UNK of the death song .
He was losing patience again .
That UNK too big .
She showed her surprise by tightening the reins and moving the gelding around so that she could get a better look at his face .
She said , and her tone had softened until it was almost friendly .
I ought to .
Somebody might mistake you for a woman '' .
`` That quirt -- I ought to use it on you , where it would do the most good .
If you've got any ideas '' .
`` He's a friend .
He had known women like that , one woman in particular .
He found the pan where he had dropped it and carried it back down to the stream .
If she did , he could stand it better in the light .
Well , the grass was there , though in some places the ground was too steep for a cow to get to it .
The place had been cheap -- just the little he had left after UNK burial -- and it would serve its purpose .
But there was water .
Sometimes I was aware of people moving about in the darkness .
I would turn away from my writing in the hope of getting a good look at them but I never quite succeeded .
I felt certain it was UNK .
Large UNK UNK the street on which the hall UNK .
The sounds UNK from beyond -- UNK UNK , men shouting -- indicated great activity and excited me .
But it was not a tall structure and other buildings concealed it .
For weeks I wandered about this neighborhood of UNK and garages , truck terminals and taxi repair shops , gasoline pumps and UNK lunch counters , yet never did I cease to feel myself a stranger there .
I stopped by the counter .
Let's move '' .
Two men were on duty inside , playing UNK , relaxed .
The sergeant froze .
It had gone without a UNK .
He had been one of the original Night Riders , one who had escaped the trial .
Barton finished his dressing and extended his hand to Powers .
The murderer lifted his head .
`` You aren't one of us .
He had done time for the theft .
A company of cavalry couldn't come in there if two men were guarding that trail '' .
Again Dill hesitated .
After another long pause he asked , `` How many people know who they are '' ? ?
`` The hell you do '' .
Donald Kruger would like nothing better than to hold him as UNK , and I wouldn't UNK a snake to his tender care .
Chapter two
UNK men cut the telegraph wires in half a dozen places , carrying away whole sections to make repairs more difficult .
It was over an hour before their escape was discovered , but still the news that Barton was free flashed across the central portion of the state .
Ten years older than UNK Barton , he had UNK his way up from UNK in the pits to manager of the operation .
Hague had never accustomed himself to Kodyke .
The man was tall , thin , with a narrow face and a UNK nose .
So simple , in fact , that it might even work -- although Pamela , now , in her new frame of mind , was careful not to pretend too much assurance .
She must be cautious so as not to alert the UNK forest .
There was only one place where the mountain might receive her -- that unnamed , UNK pool UNK in its secret bosom .
Perhaps it was all a vividly conceived dream .
The forest was open and freely welcoming , extending an enchanted hand .
Birds UNK and UNK in the trees and the sun , all UNK and soft , caressed her shoulders warmly from time to time .
She regarded them as signs that she was nearing the UNK she sought , and she was glad to at last be doing something positive in her UNK , UNK struggle with the mountain and its UNK inhabitants .
In her grim pursuit of UNK , Pamela focused her thoughts on her husband .
If , when this was all over , she found the words to tell him about it , she wondered if he would ever understand .
Indian ghosts would not UNK upon his nights , nor would his days be haunted by the UNK , UNK figure of her UNK ancestor .
Her arm UNK slightly , and the UNK skin cried out in pain .
She had the feeling that , under the UNK leaves , there would be the bodies of dead animals , quietly UNK and giving their soil back to the mountain .
clutched her throat and sucked up the moisture in her mouth so that her tongue was dry and hard and stuck to the roof of her mouth and her teeth were UNK together in the rigid UNK of her jaws .
She began it deliberately , so that none of her words would be lost on him .
Do you hear me ? ?
He opened the door and got out .
UNK UNK UNK , he stared down at its UNK UNK left side .
But she'd known plenty of UNK guys , and , UNK his good looks , what was there left ? ?
He could move very quickly , she knew ( although he seldom found occasion to do so ) , but he was more wiry than truly strong .
Now , are you going to take me or am I supposed to walk '' ? ?
On the other hand , UNK , maybe you wouldn't either .
`` Well , let's get going '' , she said impatiently .
`` I '' -- She broke off , frowning .
She looked at him , lips compressed .
He seemed very pleased with himself , as though some intricate scheme was working out exactly as he had planned .
It poured out of him like an electric current , a feeling that the muscles and nerves of his UNK body were UNK for action , and that that action would be all that he anticipated .
That was the day that he had practically UNK up the main street of Big UNK with Aaron McBride , field boss for the Highlands Oil & UNK Company .
So , `` How about it '' ? ?
`` We aim UNK be UNK , UNK ? ?
UNK that could mean trouble with a fella that's UNK for UNK .
Not immediately , as the deputy demanded .
He could not grasp that Lord had UNK from the fight minutes ago , and that his UNK arms were UNK at nothing but the air .
Not that her mother knew what had happened , but they could speculate upon it .
He was in earnest conversation with her father and the old UNK , Luis Hernandez .
They were considering it gravely , neither seeming to like what he planned .
Finally Hernandez said , `` I could offer you advice , UNK , but you wouldn't heed it '' .
`` She won't change her mind '' , Brannon said .
How long should I wait '' ? ?
`` Maybe in a year , UNK .
`` In my place , you'd follow such advice as you give me '' ? ?
Like Luis , I can't see something like this happening to me .
And the boy will need his mother .
Brannon shook his head .
I am with you , of course , UNK '' .
He didn't want to put himself outside the law .
He'd hoped to catch UNK Macklin there .
`` Maybe to have supper .
He was only vaguely aware of the UNK rain .
`` He's finished eating '' , Hogan said .
It shouldn't be long '' .
It seemed long , at least to Tom Brannon .
`` Just come along '' , Brannon told him .
`` Let's go , Marshal '' , Brannon said , and took him by the arm .
Hogan gripped the UNK other arm .
He lifted the skirt of UNK coat , took his gun from its holster , tossed it onto the desk .
Brannon said , `` Now the key to the UNK , Marshal '' .
Come on -- the key .
Brannon , you've assaulted a law officer and '' --
They followed him into the rain and across to the squat stone building fifty feet to the rear .
The door of the UNK was of oak UNK and UNK with UNK iron .
And their arrival caught John Clayton and Charles UNK off guard .
But the day of the deadline came and passed , and the men who had UNK at the warnings laughed with satisfaction .
After walking out to his corral that morning , he'd been amazed to see the dust UNK up in front of his feet .
He hadn't even pretended to be farming his spread .
`` I'll be UNK right back '' .
This time Lewis had his own rifle in his hands , and he threw some answering fire back at the mysterious UNK shot , then spent most of the day searching out the area .
It took some time to locate Horn .
For a UNK ring of terror to the very sound of his name was the tool he needed for the job he'd promised to do .
Tom Horn was soon back at work , giving his secret employers their UNK worth .
UNK a team to a UNK , they drove out to a UNK creek about a half-mile off , then climbed down and began UNK .
He looked around in surprise , then noticed that Fred Powell was clutching his chest .
Ross had no intention of searching for the assassin .
But he brought back the sheriff and several deputies , and to the UNK the entire affair seemed a repetition of the Lewis killing .
There were no tracks of either hoofs or boots .
Once again , he shook his head , kept his face UNK and his voice very calm , and had a strongly supported alibi ready .
They wouldn't o' stood no chance with you in a plain , UNK UNK '' .
The tall UNK UNK stared in amazement .
But there's one thing I never seen or heard of , one thing I just don't think there is , and that's a UNK way o' UNK a man '' ! !
The small UNK tended fields of men who'd spent more time rustling cattle than farming were lying UNK .
`` My UNK my stock in trade '' , Tom mentioned more than once .
`` I have a little job for you , Charlie .
`` What is it you want me to do , Mr. Brenner '' ? ?
`` It doesn't seem quite right , telling her a thing like that .
As Curt had hoped , the house door banged open .
`` Just hold it that way '' .
There was raw fury in his eyes , and the veins of his neck were swollen .
Curt reached out and dropped Jess's pistol back into the holster .
Now draw '' ! !
Jess's coarse features twisted in a surprised grin which was smashed out of shape by Curt's fist .
UNK shot up Curt's arm clear to the shoulder , but Jess seemed hardly aware that he had been hit .
His aim was hurried ; ;
When his head came down , Curt grabbed him by the hair and UNK him head first into the wall .
This dirty coward just admitted killing Arbuckle .
`` Sally '' , UNK her mother , `` you've got all evening to visit with Dan .
Damn it , he thought bitterly , picking up his shirt and staring at the fresh bullet hole in the sleeve .
Pa ! !
`` What about Burnsides '' ? ?
By then Hez could see for himself , and so could the others .
But even a reunion as joyous as this one did not make a break in the UNK of the day .
Then , and only then , with the UNK and Dan as their true guests of honor , did the UNK take time to catch up on the news .
`` Nor UNK , neither '' , she replied .
Rod gave her a warm UNK on the shoulder before he replied .
He looked down at his big hands and slowly UNK his long fingers .
By now Harmony could see that most of the adults in the train were UNK and resting , or else UNK off from the games by the challenging lure of the great cliff towering above them .
`` How's Sally like UNK UNK that UNK little UNK UNK UNK '' ? ?
Hez looked up at the high face of UNK Rock , official UNK for the UNK River UNK , and UNK , `` Seems funny that them Burnsides never took time to leave their UNK up UNK '' .
Before Harmony had a chance to reply , Rod cracked his long whip over his thin UNK backs .
Stevens was nowhere in sight .
UNK an exclamation , Russ sprang to the nearest steps and ran down .
His eyes widened .
The door was locked .
Cobb watched this with hunted eyes , his desperate hope UNK by the moment .
Count what you've got there , Cobb .
UNK in the outside door to glance behind him , Pat looked his UNK warning and stepped out .
To his faint surprise Russ held up his hand .
Then maybe next time he won't be so quick on the trigger '' .
UNK home , he jerked to attention at the distant crack of a gun .
In town no one paid much attention to an occasional shot ; ;
He tightened up in a UNK .
He ain't gone far '' ! !
UNK his pony , he hurried that way , not UNK till he was well below the level of the surrounding range .
Anything the enemy flew or floated was his target .
The sky UNK down at them .
Donovan snatched Greg's UNK from him with a UNK motion and almost ran to the plane with it .
Yet long before the scheduled time for return , Donovan would be watching for every speck in the sky .
`` Todman , let's try to go under this stuff .
The valley was only a few hundred yards wide with just about room enough for a properly performed UNK turn .
The ceiling stayed solid above them at about eight hundred feet , and at times the sheer UNK seemed about to close in .
If the other pilots were worried , they did not show it .
Only one of the flight scored a direct hit and the rest blew up jungle .
Japanese aircraft were strong on UNK , American on speed and UNK .
But it also made him conspicuous to the enemy , if it was the enemy , and he hadn't been spotted already .
In seconds , Greg made his decision .
`` UNK Blue , hit the deck .
`` They haven't seen us '' , Greg yelled to himself over the engine noise .
`` Now , UNK , now .
He took a lead on the enemy , using a distance of five of the radii in his circular sight and then added another .
The UNK UNK flew off in pieces .
UNK , stay clear , he prayed .
Over the UNK outline of a jump seat piled high with luggage UNK black UNK was just discernible , near , or UNK near that spot where -- hidden -- more UNK , most beautifully UNK hair must still be streaming back in cool , oh cool wind sweetly UNK with UNK and UNK flowers and engine UNK .
Still nursing anger I UNK UNK a car that was slowly approaching , its pre-war chrome nearly UNK me .
UNK a look between Johnson's fat jowls and the car frame a handsome and still UNK lady inquired `` UNK UNK '' ? ?
I said that it didn't make any difference to me either , as far as I knew .
Maybe I would beat old UNK to Siberia after all .
White teeth suddenly UNK , the driver slammed the side of his bottle against Johnson's ear .
Prairie dogs were popping up and popping down .
Johnson's left hand was pressed against the side of his head , red cheeks UNK beneath his fingers .
`` That was UNK I was talking .
`` Hell , that's all right , buddy '' , the Indian ( I now guessed ) said .
the car's far windshield panel turned into a silver web with a dark hole in the center .
UNK UNK behind us .
I looked back at pale UNK framed in the elongated oval of the car's rear window .
I quickly turned around and began to drink .
I guided her to the divan , turned off the TV , faced her .
UNK we haven't I seen you .
I mean , surely we've '' --
And you recognized me '' ? ?
Man , you rang -- it was in color , too , Miss , and Miss ? ?
, Inc. .
`` Did leap into the pool , and didn't have anything on .
`` I didn't know .
The man shoved him into the water , then ran past the UNK .
`` No , I never did see his face .
I didn't get a good look at him at all , his back was to me , and I was so scared It was just somebody in a man's suit .
Her impact in the zing commercials had led to her being considered for an excellent part in an UNK TV series , UNK Western UNK , a UNK show to be sponsored by UNK UNK .
As far as I was concerned , she had already and had UNK shown what she could do .
UNK much relieved , she smiled one of those UNK smiles , and I smiled all the way into the bedroom .
There I got my Colt Special and shoulder harness , slipped my coat on , and went back into the front room .
`` UNK '' ? ?
It'll probably be at least an hour or two before I can check back with you .
`` Well , UNK '' , I said .
She wouldn't be taking a cold shower .
`` What were they doing here '' ? ?
I asked UNK .
The rest of the time I devoted to painting or to those other activities a young and healthy man just out of college finds interesting .
I dismissed these feelings as wishful thinking but I could not get it out of my head that we had a strong physical attraction for one another and we both feared to dwell on it because of our relationship .
Why she married him I do not know .
He already had that slow pace that comes over the elderly , while she herself had all the signs of one who UNK the joys of living .
his bride opened the store .
Even as she was telling me about it I became aware of a UNK flush that suffused her neck and moved upwards to her cheeks , and UNK I realized that when she entered the store she did not switch on the lights .
She placed her palms , fingers UNK , on the desk in an odd gesture as if to say , `` Now , what next '' ? ?
There was little likelihood of any customers walking in at that hour .
It did not take me long to slip the bolt securely and return to the rear and its couch .
`` I guess we both felt it '' .
`` I guess so '' , she said .
Even as I said it I realized that an education can be invaluable .
Get thrown out ? ?
If I even hint at it do you think it will matter that you are his nephew -- and not even a blood nephew '' ? ?
`` But you '' -- she began .
Shortly before nine I drove my UNK to the street facing the Lake and parked the car in shadows far enough away from the rendezvous corner but near enough to keep the corner in clear view .
In one hand he gripped firmly a UNK though there had been no indication of rain .
She didn't have the heart .
Nicolas : `` Look , Nicolas doesn't go to bed with boys -- no sex , see ? ?
So if all these UNK was to get me in bed , man , you just spent a lot of money '' .
She was telling herself that this might just be her reward at the end of a long meaningful search for truth .
Her eyes had opened , she had caught a glimpse of a new faith .
He blew his nose UNK between his fingers .
A thing he did not like doing , generally .
He UNK his muscles for several minutes , got into the tub , and then grew self-conscious of UNK as he washed .
The result was grace and modesty .
Having opened the windows onto the terrace , lit the fire , translated the motto , Meredith grinned and took down a little UNK of books bound together in old UNK .
`` I think the maids UNK in the afternoon '' .
UNK '' She whispered UNK to herself , several times , UNK it .
Ben Prime extended his UNK stride until he could lay his UNK across the noses of the oxen .
`` UNK '' ! !
He commanded from his raw throat , and felt the pain of movement in his cracked , black burned lips .
He spat .
He cleared his throat and wet his lips .
She had hated the whole idea before they started .
`` Don't try to be noble '' ! !
He darkened under his heavy burn .
He swung up over the wheel .
His wife didn't give a sign she'd heard .
She was watching a tree ride wildly down that UNK current .
He UNK the slashed sides of the canvas UNK , leaving the ribs and wagon open .
He UNK to the rail and leaped overboard into the UNK waters .
The UNK was quivering and UNK like an old UNK mare .
Her stern was down and a sharp list helped us to cut loose the UNK which dropped heavily into the water .
Now we peered anxiously for any speck of land in the Pacific , for this interminable UNK would have to stop soon .
He had been speaking of this UNK :
In fact , one important aspect of their very religion is the annihilation of men '' .
It is Eromonga -- look hard , you can see with your naked eye the wooden UNK on the cliff '' .
A fine example of engineering in a primitive society .
`` What is the UNK for , Brassnose '' ? ?
Our UNK was filling rapidly and despite what I had heard of the inhabitants of Eromonga , I was glad to see a long and graceful UNK manned by three UNK girls UNK out of a lagoon into the open sea and toward our craft .
You shall have food , water and rest '' .
Some had been there for years ; ;
They were shattered .
It took thirty of our women almost six UNK to build this one , which is higher and stronger than the old one .
Brassnose turned a stricken face toward me and said UNK , `` UNK , you UNK Yank , you're a fool ! !
they destroy such men with their damned tests .
For an UNK , UNK old UNK was a mine of information .
Within a decade or less , few men were left and a UNK society had sprung up .
`` UNK women then named this place ' Eromonga ' -- manhood -- for just the strongest men could stay here .
`` I'd like to know just which it is that those guys don't understand , the liquor or automobiles '' .
Somehow the thought of a simple man bewildered by things no one had ever really helped him understand moved the driver .
Benson said , referring to the Indian .
It had always seemed strange to Ramey that to disguise himself as a tourist , an UNK driver like UNK would merely pick something UNK and put it on his head .
Every so often the diminishing sound of a car came under the trailer as it slowed down for the wreck then UNK up again as it got clear .
`` What outfit does she drive for '' ? ?
The truck routes , the industrial areas with walls UNK with UNK smoke passed briefly through his mind -- back UNK were their access to a city and they could never stay .
Her glance swung past the trailer where the two drivers were standing .
`` What does he want , a spoon '' ? ?
The slightest UNK would have UNK the shoe entirely from the foot , yet the toes were still inside .
The two men in UNK stood just behind the UNK man .
He turned and looked at them with clear blue eyes , immaculate eyes .
The man said .
`` But what is it '' ? ?
The man said with a tone of impatience .
The man had spoken only once .
Ramey swung and caught the man just to the left of his mouth .
The man on the ground began to move ; ;
None of the crowd had stepped forward to help .
Ramey said nothing .
The body continued to lash , but now Keith used the legs of the chair to fork the loathsome , bloody mass out of the UNK .
I don't suppose a wife should be grateful to her husband for saving her life , but I am .
`` The snake was beautiful , wasn't it '' ? ?
Now , she just sat there looking at him , without an expression except concern for him .
UNK UNK in the UNK do not imply survival in the future either in their orders or in their attitudes , to their men or to themselves .
He knew how to shoot down Nazis .
Not defending England , or being an ace , or fighting for humanity .
Penny knew him better , on her part .
He was on the thin side , with big hands , and the kind of wrists that give away the power in UNK and UNK .
He didn't tell her the truth he now freely admitted to himself .
That was his true love , not Penny .
He stared UNK at the floor .
I've been that far half a dozen times .
And you also got this little spark in your UNK that tells you to turn around before you UNK yourself .
Not right away '' .
Waddell , the newspaperman , was a fellow in his middle forties , with a graying UNK , UNK glasses , and a large jaw padded with fat .
`` I do not drink so much , thank you '' .
`` I agree , yes '' .
`` And if the dive goes OK he has the exclusive import rights to your line for this country , is that right '' ? ?
`` Well , damn '' , Waddell said .
There was the end of his UNK feature story , with UNK .
Waddell came back from the door and sat on a bunk .
I will make him distributor for all of Florida -- a big market .
Yes ! !
He UNK his drink around and drained it in a few large UNK .
Fear and relief mingled in his UNK emotions .
`` Blessed UNK Nicholas , I thank thee for getting me out of that mess and sending me up instead of down when I was bewildered .
UNK the way , he would rot in this vast choking green , his wife never to receive an UNK of his ashes .
The man leaned against a tree and wiped a sleeve across his face .
The marines let him advance .
The pockets of his jacket UNK .
Hand grenades .
One by one he tossed the objects aside .
The marine blinked , soon dropping his hand .
UNK .
`` Be a good turtle '' .
`` Are you a UNK of flame , marine '' ? ?
Matsuo walked toward his tree , once glancing back .
`` UNK '' ? ?
The marine was a UNK .
he was very thirsty , but he must observe water discipline .
UNK upright , the marine waved both hands and shouted .
`` Marine .
In China it was a baby sitting on a railroad platform , UNK , UNK , with the village burning about him and shells exploding .
He didn't stop till he was within three feet of Blue Throat and by that time the gang leader's right hand was on the butt of his revolver .
Most of the time I get what I ask for '' .
A bullet UNK into the bar top an inch from UNK stomach as Blue Throat's UNK started shooting .
`` OK , Tilghman , I'm UNK '' .
`` And me '' , said another Blue Throat UNK .
He rode in at the head of sixty UNK and UNK UNK and took over a UNK barn at the entrance to Main Street .
`` If Blue Throat has his way he'll keep us all UNK up in here for days '' , he said .
He slipped outside , hugging the walls of buildings and UNK into UNK .
Of all the UNK UNK tough boys of the Old West , `` Uncle Billy Tilghman '' stands out head and shoulders .
UNK the overwhelming temptation to UNK himself out of that UNK UNK , Tilghman deliberately engaged the nervous rancher in trivial conversation for a good ten minutes .
But he knew well enough that those guns would still be trained on his back as he walked towards the wagon .
`` Billy Tilghman is too good a man to shoot in the back .
When she would do these things , he would turn blind for an instant and become sick at his stomach .
And so when Miss Langford came to teach at the UNK Chestnut school , where Jack was a pupil in the eighth grade , the Woman of Jack's mind assumed the UNK face and figure .
The first two or three days they went home early .
All , that is , except Jack .
I guess it's this hot weather '' .
Miss Langford , in a fresh white dress and UNK white sandals , without socks , was out there with them , trying to get them inside .
Presently she came out of the schoolhouse .
`` Let's play with 'em '' , Jack said , rising from where he sat on the ground and dusting off his overall pants .
He thought she gave him that look with the hidden something in it as he let her hand go .
`` I don't believe I'll play any more neither '' .
`` Me neither '' , others said , and soon the game broke up , the children going off in pairs , in larger groups and alone .
He had considered throwing UNK or UNK UNK at someone or pulling the hair of the girl sitting in front of him , but he couldn't take a chance on either of these possibilities : the teacher probably would make him stand UNK in a corner instead of stay in after school .
`` You will stay here thirty minutes after the others go home this afternoon and work your problems '' .
Col. Henri UNK was one of New Orleans' most important and enlightened slave owners .
I won't bite , you know '' .
One less shouldn't matter to him '' .
Such delicate beauty , such fine flesh .
It will rip and UNK easily for Madame '' .
`` Be quiet , UNK ! !
Also , he was weary of plantation UNK and monotony .
Such a UNK end '' ! !
Mrs. Victor UNK , socially prominent and a neighbor of the UNK , UNK to glance out of her parlor window at dusk one evening and UNK an amazing sight .
The UNK UNK and his mistress , Delphine Lalaurie , were pursuing a young girl -- an UNK of UNK beauty -- across the front lawn of the Lalaurie mansion .
They have pulled out all my teeth and now she will UNK out my tongue with her UNK ! !
There ain't nobody UNK for your ticket UNK , neither '' .
The boy lifted the girl by the waist and set her on the lip of the floor .
Hot , that was the word , hot ! !
`` He's okay .
it had been a long , hot while since he'd seen anything as nice as this within UNK distance .
Certainly not , I mean , no that isn't what I said '' ! !
`` I only said I was hungry .
Why , we got dinner right here .
Cappy looked wary , but he moved off the floorboards and followed the dirty UNK to the center of the UNK boxcar .
He put the charcoal in the pot , lit the paper with the matches , and carefully stretched the tin foil across the top of the pot .
`` A UNK UNK '' , he explained .
So we ran away '' .
`` Why didn't he want you to get UNK '' ? ?
She looked down at her hands , too .
It was my fault '' .
It was all my fault .
UNK eyebrows went up .
`` What's the matter '' ? ?
But that had been a time before all this , a time he didn't think about .
But these kids weren't like him .
The answer came from the open door of the boxcar .
He took the bottle with undue UNK , and making sucking noises with his thick lips , drained it completely .
`` No , I don't think so '' , said the big man , and it was the final UNK for Ernie .
The newcomer stalked toward them , and Kitty UNK back , her hand to her mouth .
He UNK the knife UNK , and drew back to plunge it into the kid's throat .
or the smell of thick tomato paste -- the ripe smell that was both sweet and UNK -- rising up from aluminum UNK wrapped in UNK UNK .
Not that one .
The Old Man's very soul could have left him and flown down that street , but he wouldn't have had anyone know it .
Perhaps he had known then where that hundred dollar bill had come from and where it was taking his wife .
UNK for the Old Man was framed in by a wall of UNK trees which divided these quarters from the city .
Only one house on the street had no lawn before it .
Even though the boy could not see them , he knew they were clouded by distance .
And as for his pipe , if he wanted to smoke one , nobody would stop him .
Pompeii rolled over .
Above him slid the evasive shadow of a storm cloud .
But the boy could see only the UNK belly .
He knew at a glance that the biggest sandals belonged to UNK , the UNK ones to UNK , and the UNK ones to UNK , UNK UNK brother .
In desperation Maggie consulted Eugenia one afternoon : `` Do you think you could find me something I could do here at home to make some money , so I could still watch the baby and do the rest of the things '' ? ?
That kind of poverty was regarded as the exclusive property of the East , which created UNK with their stock markets and their UNK populations and their UNK UNK of industries , protected by UNK freight rates .
UNK , people talked and argued ; ;
`` We will both go back , UNK '' ! !
Kizzie turned to go inside .
She swung around .
You told me to bring my camera .
Tolley had no idea of UNK that UNK little Jenny ! !
`` I'll decide that when I get there .
UNK to the UNK he found some favorite lines from Jonathan Swift on his lips :
`` Under the window in stormy weather
He questioned God's taking time to telegraph the message , but he felt better about Kizzie , and he took the sealed envelope from its UNK , wondering why he had preserved it .
If he died before she did , she would never be unable to resist opening it .
There lay Grand UNK UNK , his own young parents' graves , but new life and promise for his sons , UNK .
And don't tell me you didn't at church Sunday .
How strange it was that he could give her this handsome house and UNK UNK as to its beautiful furnishings , and fail her in -- spiritual ways .
He called her `` the UNK '' much as Mrs. UNK spoke of `` the Queen , God bless her '' .
He didn't tell Miss Jen , but she must have got word from the cook or nurse , who of course knew those UNK UNK , and she really took a fit .
Her hesitation was only momentary and she hoped he didn't notice it , as she settled herself , asked quickly how Miss Jenny and the babies were getting on .
Miss UNK won't care your UNK , will she '' ? ?
Doaty would never have left her house to a UNK woman .
She found herself UNK an old wish , that she had told Doaty she was running away , that she had left something more behind her than the loving , sorry note and her best UNK pin .
There had been supper parties and UNK , UNK and little balls , Mama small and pretty and gay and Papa enormously UNK , enormously possessive , the sun around which the UNK planets UNK .
She had always been able to ignore the moral question because there had been no choice .
Perhaps they would argue that morality consisted just of that ability to see a choice .
A curious thought to end a curious night .
She closed her eyes , remembering the small French cemetery , enclosed by stone walls .
On a thrusting spray thick with UNK and UNK and swelling pink buds , like a summer UNK , a bird balanced and sang , UNK brown and alive with its own music , a little engine of song .
Folly danced , eager for whatever lay beyond the door .
The cemetery UNK just behind it , and the way lay through the village and close to the sea .
On an impulse , she turned back and said good morning .
`` I'm taking them to the cemetery '' , said Henrietta , out of a vague feeling of hospitality .
See half of 'em in their graves before I choose my own coffin .
He regarded her with rising hope .
She did suddenly , through the link of memory with his father , old UNK , who must have been in his UNK when Henrietta ran away .
I know all about you '' .
The day's sun was gathering its strength in gold , and she wished she had brought her UNK , if only to shade Doaty's flowers .
She remembered , suddenly , a night of savage moonlight and UNK clouds when she and Adelia , having dared each other , had stolen out of their great safe house and come here , hand in hand , hoping and fearing ghosts .
Apparently they were of UNK blood .
all their men were bearded , and many of their women were beautiful .
A UNK few of them are left now , to UNK mainly on the tourist trade and to sing their ancient tribal UNK , which have the same haunting sadness as the UNK of the American Indians .
she was already considering putting in UNK requests for duty at San Diego , UNK , the Great UNK , UNK -- any place the Navy had a hospital -- with a threat to UNK her commission if the request were not granted .
Tommy had been assigned to the UNK ward .
There was a UNK chance , perhaps , that he would be unmarried , and an even more slender chance that his approach would be different .
Then the young man in the brown sports jacket spoke , and it was no different .
At least , he had the decency to UNK , she thought .
She told herself UNK , and with pride , I am an American ! !
But she was learning that so long as she was in this country , and wore civilian dress in the Club , there would always be UNK young men who would approach her with broken English .
One had to have friends , and a congenial life in UNK hours .
It was terribly off key , and poorly done , and Tommy could never admit to herself that male companionship was a very natural and important thing , but all at once she felt UNK and UNK .
There was a letter to write to her mother , and she tried to make its tone cheerful .
Actually , this is only another way of saying that blood is UNK than water .
At UNK he was restricted to the confines of the UNK because Walt Perry , being thoughtful , knew that Doc might have to draw some medical supplies from the hospital or the Supply UNK .
There were two things he wanted to do : inspect one of the many caves that had been dug into the hills on the Naval UNK , and visit an old UNK .
`` Come over and have a drink .
We live down by the UNK UNK .
He threw a smart UNK at the UNK , went up the dock , and turned down the wide street in front of the UNK UNK Club .
`` Hi , Buzz '' , Owen said .
Owen wanted to be pleasant because Buzz worked the territory next to his , but he hadn't come to Reno for stag dinners .
When Owen was finally rid of him , there was a timid UNK at the door .
`` Yes '' , Owen called out .
We call them lay-sisters and they go among the UNK making friends and bringing the light .
`` You see '' , she said , looking past him into the room , where the highball glasses UNK UNK in the bright light , `` you and I can't understand the many hardships they have to undergo '' .
`` Have you ever tried to reason with an UNK '' ? ?
`` I don't know much about them '' , Owen admitted , `` but I suppose they have their own religion and they probably resent outsiders coming in and telling them what to do and what not to do '' .
UNK , Owen kept his peace .
Do you know these women go all through Alaska , and they don't have the proper facilities ? ?
They travel in pairs as much as a UNK miles a day '' .
`` You're in the secular world '' .
`` I can imagine '' , she said .
He looked off to the crest of the UNK , still UNK ; ;
A UNK cowboy sat down next to him in the UNK place .
But UNK not my game .
Incidentally , I'm pretty famous in these parts : I'm called The UNK '' .
He was shorter and UNK than Owen , who felt good standing next to him .
`` We're all going over to Lake UNK and try our luck at UNK '' , Buzz explained , still UNK .
We'll get it in a hurry and get it out '' .
UNK glances were flashed at both Alexander and Gansevoort .
An African knife and UNK are at this moment being sharpened by McKinley and Green .
`` Where did you gather all this information , Heiser ? ?
A glance revealed that the main UNK mast had been carried away .
`` Small violently jerked the UNK brace with full intention to carry away the mast .
Then , with disappointment evident upon their faces , they moved to the work .
Wilson , UNK and UNK , was thrown with the other prisoners and was soon joined by Green , UNK and McKinley .
Three days had passed since Spencer's arrest and each day had brought new dangers , new fears .
We are going to be rushed and murdered '' .
`` That is extravagant language , Mr. Wales .
God knew his tears were his to shed if he so desired , for it had not been with an UNK rage for fame that he had held precious his naval career .
To have someday that love returned was what he had lived for .
He is innocent '' .
There was good fortune and there was bad and Philip Spencer , in UNK and ankle irons , knew it to be a truth .
He expected nothing for himself but that which naturally follows those marked for misfortune .
The UNK eyes met UNK .
His black hat with its wide brim , high crown , and fur trim rode high .
She smiled .
He turned his UNK , UNK eyes toward us , stared for a second , then shouted in UNK , `` One , two , three '' ! !
The little boys UNK out a UNK translation or interpretation of the Five UNK of Moses , which they had previously chanted in Hebrew .
They had large bright eyes , the small UNK noses of all babies everywhere , and hair cropped short except for the long UNK of UNK framing their little white faces .
The UNK language from the ghetto stopped .
Rachel said , `` He asks for money '' .
I resented them .
She loved the children .
Your mother wanted to bring children to Israel so that they could leave their ghettos .
If she could not take the children out of this section , at least she could take other children out of their countries and put them on the farms .
I said quietly , gaining nerve , ready to ask any question at all , no matter how intimate , ready to be UNK , `` Then why did she leave Israel ? ?
But she sighed and her face relaxed .
This refugee was a middle-aged man , a big , handsome man with a UNK to his walk as I have never before seen .
He loved the son and was always glad to be sent back to him .
Then his son did something '' -- Rachel threw up her hands -- `` I don't know what , but something , to an official here -- it was during the UNK -- and the son was imprisoned .
He took her to a doctor , for she was run down , nervous , did not care where she was .
`` And I'll take you with me '' .
But now the dream was over .
Out of the church and into his big car , it UNK over the road with him driving and the headlights sweeping the UNK ahead and after he hit college , his UNK , the quaint little pine board tourist courts , cabins really , with a cute naked light bulb in the ceiling ( UNK and naked as a UNK , like the one on the corner where you used to play when you were a kid , where you watched the bats UNK in after the bugs , watching in between your UNK at UNK ) , a room complete with UNK UNK the light and the few casual UNK cruising the walls , an insect Highway UNK with UNK waving .
You could wish that .
Or you could wish your UNK would really do it -- kill Gratt Shafer like he said when you all the time , all along , could feel the nerve UNK out of him like air out of a UNK tire when you are on a muddy road alone and it is raining and at night .
He can even be a UNK UNK guy with UNK ideas and level gray eyes and a heart even UNK couldn't figure out , how it is unlocked .
You feel where he is and what he sees , and at night you feel when he is asleep or with the other woman , the one that never could love him the way you do , the one who got him because she didn't particularly give a damn whether she got him or didn't .
You wonder about the Christmas card with no name on it , and it comes to you that maybe it would have been better to have made somebody else happy if you couldn't be happy yourself , to give somebody else the one they wanted -- to give them you .
`` Damn the world '' , she thought .
He hit the theme about dying to defend your country , and you were ready to do it right then , without a second thought .
It was strange stuff -- it reminded me of the pictures of a child , but a child who has never played with other kids and has lived all its life with adults .
Mrs. UNK thought of him as her discovery , and she paid two to three hundred dollars for a painting .
I hadn't done a serious picture in almost a year .
I had admired him long before I talked to him .
It is as large as all of art , interdependent , varied , UNK '' .
`` I'm studying anatomy with Burns '' , he replied .
I said .
UNK laughed .
`` You're missing the point '' , he said .
Contact with him is stimulating .
And that's the trouble with so many artists today .
That's one of the reasons art is becoming a useless occupation .
After a short time , both George and Donald joined the class with me so they wouldn't feel lonely , and we used to hang a sign on the door of the UNK reading out to work .
She asked .
`` Via must have it '' , I answered readily enough , recalling her last visit .
You know that '' .
`` I knew all this , but I paid no attention .
`` She's nowhere , nowhere '' ! !
Then the UNK began .
I , who until that day before had been Mrs. UNK friend , her equal , was the servant now .
`` If I am not to be Mrs. Salter then I am nothing '' .
And they have never changed .
she persisted in explaining how and why she had advised Mrs. Salter to return to the country .
Via was in the parking lot when I went outside .
Something would come into her heart if nothing else the sounds of Bach would give her some healing .
I think I was what you might call a UNK man , and yet it was when I was alone in my studio , doing my work , that I really felt alive .
But I think a man needs at least one intimate friend to communicate with '' .
`` Don't you know all about me by this time ? ?
My name's Carla UNK .
`` Well , all right then '' .
`` Let's go out '' .
I like them '' .
`` I don't mind at all '' , he said , delighted with her attention .
They looked at the ruins of the old Roman wall on the lower Via UNK , then they went to the UNK Gardens .
Then they had dinner .
Aren't you going out to mass ? ?
Not his poor mother's fault .
`` If you find it necessary , Sam , go ahead '' , she said , turning on the UNK .
When they walked into the UNK apartment , the old lady , UNK and smiling , said softly .
For a year the boy had lived in the bush in a boxcar .
Did many of UNK countrymen live in UNK in the bush ? ?
It was said that he had had a vision .
Yes , the Pope could die and quickly be made a saint .
UNK others heard and stopped and waited , the women peering from their UNK then gathering in small , curious clusters .
`` They do not have to face battle .
I will simply kill you first .
He shouted .
She said to him , her father , `` How was I begotten , in pain or joy ? ?
Suddenly the lash stopped fighting the air and she heard UNK of UNK say in his high , UNK voice :
UNK was among them , and UNK , and they wore red blankets which flew like broad wings in the air of their passing .
They mounted their horses and rode off into the hills .
The sounds from the quarry began to pulse in her ears .
She stood , once more listening .
Julia felt at peace and drew her legs up and UNK her hands tightly around the bent knees .
It seemed too much trouble even to reach for the switch ; ;
A quarter to seven .
He was supposed to be in court this afternoon , at City Hall .
For a moment he felt like a thief discovered .
`` No .
It's quite a big one '' , he added .
He imagined UNK voice : `` George , what the hell goes on '' ? ?
I wouldn't have the strength to answer , he thought .
but that didn't matter .
He took her hand .
Someone laughed .
I'll get it hauled away .
For God's sake , don't worry .
I might struggle in for a jury .
A strange relationship between Joan UNK and himself .
She let him come and go as he pleased , or as it pleased her .
It was UNK `` little '' sister Myra , the unreliable , irresponsible , forever UNK , Myra .
Lucy listened .
Lucy knew her too well to find it impossible .
Then , from within the still , sleeping house , the telephone had UNK ; ;
Lucy was sick of it .
`` Well , at last '' , she said , because Susan was UNK down the stairs .
`` Do you need that big bundle '' ? ?
Jim UNK , but he lifted UNK suitcase and said , in a UNK tone , `` Sure -- the entire thousand .
She suspected that Cathy had been competing with Susan for attention that she had never had .
Well , Lucy ? ?
Again there was that curious pause , and then her mother said , `` I guess I do .
UNK UNK , Lucy sat there .
`` UNK ! !
'' Then it was no bogey she had dreamed up ; ;
Unlike Susan , she was traveling light ; ;
the worn UNK bear , a tiny suitcase that Jim carried , and the clothes she wore , were all she had .
Lucy glancing at the miniature case , knew there would not be enough in it for the UNK of stays ; ;
She opened the door .
The swirling sand made UNK limp more pronounced .
Nobody around .
He was six feet one like his father , with big hands and a hairy chest , a man the weak and UNK would turn to .
Every piece of the nightmare was clear , in place ; ;
It's all right .
Stop shaking '' .
UNK began to UNK up and down his chest .
He UNK his high brown shoes and took off the metal brace on his leg .
He UNK his sweat shirt into a ball and stripped down to his swimming trunks .
`` I said Quint .
`` I gotta go .
See you around , Mister UNK '' .
`` Which continent '' ? ?
Japan , she said , smelled UNK because people let dead fish lie on the beaches till the fish got hard as rocks ; ;
then they scraped off the mold and made fish soup .
UNK .
Near UNK the UNK drove their UNK down to the beach and sang and drank and fought all night .
Quint smothered a UNK .
( `` What did one UNK say to the other UNK ? ?
Let's get dressed up -- the doctor's taking us out tonight '' .
He hadn't .
Her face turned pink with pleasure and a smothered cough .
As for his promise -- oh , he had plenty of time , UNK of time .
Same old breakfast till the phone rang , making his mother's voice shake with excitement .
First , it came out after Mr. UNK will was settled -- he had died the year before -- that John and his mother weren't rich any more .
He was a bright and handsome young man from New York , who worked for the same steel company as John did .
She didn't have a bad shape when you caught her at the pool at UNK UNK , but her bathing suits were far from smart .
John sold the big old place in UNK and bought a smaller house in UNK Chapel .
after the war back to the heir UNK of the steel company .
Everyone held his or her breath .
Bobbie said something about damned UNK sticking together , and Linda got angry at him .
So sure that money could do anything ! !
`` All right '' , I said .
`` I'll answer it '' .
`` Now you just take it easy , and I'll make you some tea '' --
And we don't have any money -- we don't have a UNK ! !
`` Stop that ! !
Mr. Thom had gotten Wally on the phone , and fired him .
We can let them move in with us '' --
But , in the end , we did .
Chris made trip after trip in our old car , moving the clothes and dishes and the stock of UNK Nadine had bought on special .
While I worked , Nadine sat and cried .
When she wasn't crying , she was in our bedroom fighting with Wally .
Wendell Thom had UNK him .
I mentioned it to Chris one UNK hot night , when I had slipped outside for a breath of fresh air .
A profession that brought me as good an income as mine wasn't to be UNK at .
Maybe I didn't see as much of Gladdy as I'd like , but how much worse it would have been if I'd had to board her out somewhere after Alice went -- send my daughter to an UNK or a UNK .
I was lucky in lots of ways , no doubt about it .
If she'd kept on as she'd been going , the story I'd told Gladdy would probably have been true by now , anyhow
When we'd finished our regular rounds , Pete pointed me toward the small ward at the end of the floor .
We didn't get many at UNK and they were never pretty sights .
It was thought wiser to keep them segregated from the patients in the regular charity ward .
Yes , Rose Bancroft , diagnosis : acute UNK .
An ugly scar disfigured the somewhat familiar UNK face , already UNK by the UNK network of broken red veins that heavy UNK carry .
But if she wasn't interested , she'd just go back to the same life she'd left .
But those penetrating eyes -- I had to turn my head away .
`` What's this '' ? ?
`` Better do a UNK '' , I told Pete .
Pete stood by with a slide and took the UNK , sent it down to the UNK with a request for the test .
`` I sure can't complain about the service in this place '' , she said .
I was sure that was the difficulty -- she just didn't want to stay here , where she couldn't get to the liquor .
I looked at her in amazement .
Let your pupils learn on someone else , Doctor .
Her little speech was totally out of character with the sort of person I thought she was .
`` You haven't got cancer '' , I said as strongly as I could .
But there was that something , some echo in the way she spoke .
`` Alice , for goodness sake '' --
Let her out , let her out -- that would be the solution , wouldn't it ? ?
I was twenty-one back then , in the army , and fog put our plane down at UNK instead of UNK .
I never got there .
Toward the break of day I waxed philosophical , and drew UNK about her way of eating bread and cheese .
I went to my hotel and slept .
)
She must have seen the ring on my left hand .
She smiled at me , but it was an awfully sad smile .
Her eyes were smiling , too , but so sadly , and there was UNK and infinite wisdom in them .
We finished the bottle -- I hadn't had a lot out of it earlier -- not speaking much to each other , and we stayed sober .
I think we were very tired , for we awoke at the same moment , deeply rested , surprised to see the late morning sun on the windows , which were wet where the UNK had melted .
`` UNK UNK '' ! !
`` Oh '' ? ?
As we ate , we talked .
This letter would have got to me if she hadn't even put Rome , Italy , on it .
Poor George ! !
Together with her mother , both of them tense with worry lest things should somehow go wrong .
There they all did their UNK to help Cousin Elec get a UNK out of his foot .
`` I hate to call the doctor but if this keeps up I'll just have to ! !
`` Poor Cousin Elec '' , George said .
) `` I hope if you have any ideas along these lines you will write me about them .
The man did not wish to leave .
Theresa turned away to escape , and climbed to a higher landing where the steps divided in two .
The lady with the alligator bag registered interest , doubt , then indignation ; ;
She arranged the letters carefully , one on top of the other .
`` UNK '' ? ?
`` UNK UNK , UNK , UNK UNK .
She indicated a spot a little distance away .
And I've been told that just about every town , no matter what its size , has its Lucille Warren .
I never heard my folks talk about her , though .
My love for Johnnie was young and clean -- how could I possibly compete with a woman like that , who didn't hesitate to use her sex .
It was a vivid , sharp February morning that Johnnie first made his appearance in my back yard , bringing some stuff Dad had ordered .
But he wouldn't ask her -- he wasn't the kind of man who would force his wife to submit to him against her will .
Johnnie loved me and wanted me .
But the only love I was giving him was the pure kind .
`` I always imagined I would probably end up UNK a minister or somebody like that .
`` And you fall for a lumber UNK '' .
`` And '' , I was UNK off the items on my fingers , `` UNK too much and goes out with the boys , whoever they are , too much , and who ever goes to church and won't even listen when I try to persuade him to come back to the fold '' .
`` And never show my face or my truck around here again '' .
`` You wouldn't '' .
`` Or I could visit Lucille Warren '' .
I was desperate to hold him , to give him whatever in this world he wanted or needed , and to keep him from the UNK of Lucille Warren .
Not really '' .
Of course he would .
No price is too high when true love is at stake .
But I had looked forward so much to being with this church group .
I hadn't been doing as much work as I used to in Westfield and I felt funny about that and wanted to work harder than ever .
surely he was still resting UNK in my heart .
He thought about it for a minute , could find no reasonable explanation for the presence of a sweater in the refrigerator , got the salami , bread , and a Bermuda onion , and put the whole thing out of his mind .
Not that he had supposed , considering the evidence , that he was sharing this refrigerator with a member of the Beach UNK .
`` UNK '' .
UNK , Vivian once had told him , was for baby girls , and UNK girls who wore pink were UNK clinging to their infancy .
Just glad the UNK stopped '' .
I've got this cold '' .
`` So you said '' .
`` I've got this cold '' , he wrote .
He had to write very small to get it on the bottom of the scrap of paper .
Charlie grinned .
`` You won't , if you're looking for a redhead .
There were a sprinkling of daring UNK and a UNK of UNK tank suits .
Suppose UNK got a sunburn ? ?
Charlie couldn't see Vivian offering any hand lotion .
`` I'm not that anxious , but maybe that's why you're so fair '' .
Then , in the fifth , UNK kid catcher caught onto a curve and UNK the ball into left center field .
But Mike Deegan was boiling mad now .
So help me God , I'll get him '' .
When Deegan smiled his eyes never fit in with his lips .
He went back to touch home plate , turned and walked to the dugout without looking back .
Phil Rossoff , seated next to Deegan , got up and moved to the other end of the bench .
Eddie Lee moved over to Mike UNK side .
He arose slowly and brushed himself off .
`` Look at those bastards '' ! !
`` I'll be waiting '' ! !
The pitcher wound up and the ball came in straight for Mike's head .
They were both walking towards each other , UNK .
After the game , Phil was taking off his UNK in the dressing room when Mike Deegan came in .
Now that's just fine ! !
He pushed his jaw forward .
Mike had a good two inches over Phil and Phil had to look up into Mike's face .
`` I'm not trying to say anything '' .
But before anything could happen Frankie UNK was between them and Eddie Lee had come into the dressing room .
`` What difference does your batting average make ? ?
A sport ? ?
Phil thought .
His lips felt glued together .
Phil turned and left the room , hearing Eddie say : `` Someday you'll see I was right '' .
Phil shut the door behind him .
Phil shrugged .
`` UNK to Whitey Jackson '' .
`` Will you do it , Phil '' ? ?
`` I'm not worried about it '' , Phil said .
`` Nothing '' , Phil said .
Through quiet laughter his mother said , `` Don't speak to your father like that , Richard '' .
Richard seldom spoke anyhow and he didn't speak to his parents about religion again .
His interest in the formal study of religion UNK when he was sixteen and he substituted for it an interest in Asian affairs .
He was no longer able to relax in the presence of his parents and found it difficult to keep up a conversation with his mother or father , no matter the subject .
It was so dark that he didn't see it hit the water and the noisy rush of the ocean kept him from hearing it .
He had nothing much to say to her but that he said anything seemed to please her and he accompanied her on some of her unusually searching tours of Tokyo .
Richard thought it a more promising remark than any made during the last conversation , but UNK manner during the gatherings was more UNK and superficial than when she was alone with him and he was sure her remark would lead to nothing much better than the UNK words which had preceded it .
UNK , UNK and tea were In because they could be taken UNK .
`` Yes , a little UNK place '' , Charlotte said , and concluded , `` Anyhow , it's all very nice .
On the hillside above was UNK what might have been an incarnation of Fudo , or perhaps a UNK .
He walked all the miles back to his room .
I was thinking of the heat and of water that morning when I was plowing the UNK field far across the hill from the farm buildings .
It had grown hot early that day , and I hoped that the boy , my brother's son , would soon come across the broad black area of plowed ground , carrying the jar of cool water .
The snake slid slowly and with great care from the new ridge the plow had made , into the furrow and did not go any further .
The colors were astonishing , clear and bright , and it was as if the body held a fire of its own , and the colors came through that transparent flesh and skin , vivid and alive and warm .
I stopped the tractor and I shouted down to the boy , and I knew he could hear me , for the morning was clear and still , but he did not even hesitate in that brutal , UNK dance .
I was afraid to look for fear the evil might still be going on .
He asked , as he often did , and I had as often let him be on the tractor beside me .
the killing was already forgotten in that clear mind of his .
`` They're ugly and I hate them '' , the boy insisted .
`` It was beautiful '' , I said , half to myself .
I said .
He looked up at me , puzzled , and he swayed his head from side to side .
Yes , the boy's UNK were in order -- scholastic UNK , character references , picture , health record , successful college boards .
But due to the many applicants on file , would he UNK and write a personal letter giving them his son's motivation , interests and his qualifications for leadership ? ?
His son who did not know whether he wanted to be doctor , lawyer , merchant or chief .
It wouldn't help anyway .
David had the same gray eyes , high cheekbones , dark hair and a certain rugged ugliness .
Health , excellent .
Just give him time , give him a chance .
After all , his wife had written most of his letters for him in those first lean days of Partlow Products .
Anne had a way with words .
Real bright along those lines , you might say .
`` Oh '' , said Mr. Partlow , `` that's fine , Tom .
But tonight his drink tasted like branch water and even his favorite meal of steak and tossed salad gave no UNK from the growing weight of the letter in his pocket .
`` Can I have the car , Dad '' ? ?
Cady UNK head came up like that of the UNK fire horse .
Cady begged the question .
`` Let's go into the library .
`` I didn't know I looked so UNK '' ! !
UNK .
Those aren't his interests now '' .
`` What do you suggest '' ? ?
Even in that he never UNK like Jack on guitar or Rich on sax .
`` Yes , he's just there .
Just what '' ? ?
I won't be guilty of trying to run his life '' .
No doubt Dolores resented following in their footsteps .
He remembered the first time he saw her , standing across the room at a party .
Yet that had not seriously troubled him , not then .
`` Now , I'm not going to pick up those shorts '' ! !
He was wrong .
Clearly she had been instructed `` not to say a word '' .
Martin realized , later on , that he should have `` had it out '' with Dolores that night .
He remembered his mother UNK with her neighborhood women friends , lowering her voice to a penetrating UNK which might be trusted to carry to the head of the stairs , where he crouched listening .
She was talking about him that time , because he had done some bad thing , something she disliked , but `` UNK Martin said he was sorry .
Some tried to ignore the blot on the UNK countenance .
Quite a few laughed .
Never again did he enter into the ritual of showing the apartment .
But Martin seldom felt the impulse to talk about anything .
He fell into the habit of putting his clothes in drawers and UNK , so his life might UNK as little as possible on hers .
UNK : He could hear the word .
The most bizarre situation .
He had thought her exactly what he wanted .
UNK his idea , he saw that it would be impossible to leave her now .
Everyone would know why ; ;
He was trapped .
UNK he would have won an UNK moral victory , for if she picked up , say , a pair of her UNK , she might just as well lift his shorts lying alongside -- the expenditure of energy was almost the same .
Furthermore , he could go on repeating the maneuver endlessly : every time he went in the bedroom , he could drop a slip or a UNK , or maybe a UNK , next to his shorts .
On the other hand , if she didn't remove her own things , it would be difficult to explain to the parade of guests which UNK the apartment .
The knowledge kept him from analyzing his scheme to death , and took him through the last hours of that night in a peace of exalted fanaticism .
To his delight , her eyes focused at once upon the two garments .
`` You know , I've got one of your cars at home .
she unquestionably assumed that the more he was UNK with Freddy , the more likely he was to reward Freddy richly upon his death .
Whatever the reasons , Willis and Bryan started expanding Zenith .
Since they were hunting for national defense contracts , Adam UNK , a man of surprising resources , entered the combination as a silent partner because of his political connections .
With UNK blessing , he was convinced that UNK Wisconsin folly would be ideal for conversion to airplane UNK , tanks , missiles or UNK of some kind .
And Gerry .
UNK by a grim future , Freddy lost his nerve and UNK for a drastic liquidation .
Will you see if you can help me '' ? ?
If they follow anyone , it'll have to be you '' .
Their cars weren't small enough , they didn't have the power , they were old-fashioned .
Welch wanted to know why .
It'll be a lot better if you come clean '' .
It required strength , UNK , daring to commit murder .
The effect on the intellectuals among his audience may well be imagined .
In fact , it was not until the King of Spain had visited at UNK that Mary and UNK were beckoned to cross the sacred barriers which separate Los Angeles and Pasadena from the UNK .
I sat and watched proceedings .
No .
They had been kind to us and we were indebted to them for one or two pleasant dinners , and for information as to where to shop , which dentist , doctor , plumber , and sitter to call ( not that there was much of a choice , since Catatonia was just a village ; ;
No , not Bermuda .
they had chosen Catatonia because of its reputation for excellent schools , beaches , and abundance of names .
`` You are bound to get involved with people when you have children '' , Fran had told me at our first meeting , `` so it is good to know that those with whom you get involved are not just dreary little UNK and dull husbands , but People Who Do Things '' .
Their house was a UNK Colonial which they had had restored ( guided by an eminent architect ) and UNK , and added on to .
Practically the only enthusiasm they showed was when they were discussing `` names '' ; ;
She always let it be known that there was wine in the pot roast or that the chicken had been UNK in brandy , and that UNK second cousin was an intimate of theirs .
not Blanche .
I wouldn't have missed it for anything .
These boys acknowledged an introduction to anybody by gently pressing one of his hands in both of theirs , while they gazed , UNK with care , into the eyes of the person they were meeting .
They were always UNK to light cigarettes , open car doors , fill plates or glasses , and I UNK the whole lot of them to the same degree that I UNK UNK shops that called themselves `` UNK Bake UNK '' .
I'm a stranger in paradise '' .
The litigation was costly and seemingly endless .
My plea was unanimously voted down and `` thrown out '' .
Again , my name was on all the front pages .
He made many UNK , UNK and UNK remarks , not only about me in the title role , but about religion in general .
Thanks to Letch UNK and the terrible strain he imposed on me , the notices were few and unfavorable .
Only George UNK seemed to understand and appreciate the film when he wrote : `` Miss UNK has UNK the most eloquent argument for the Protestant faith yet UNK by Hollywood '' .
In a rare fit of anger and spite , I `` UNK out '' my own husband to a small and most UNK studio to make one picture as a form of punishment .
At the same time , however , I UNK myself of the services of that great English actor and master of make-up , Sir UNK Pratt , to do a `` UNK '' called The UNK of the UNK UNK , in which I played a young American girl who UNK a haunted castle on the English UNK which is filled with secret passages and sliding panels and , UNK to anyone , is still occupied by an eccentric maniac .
Then , at last , his day would fall into an ordered pattern and he would be free to read , or garden or just wander through the woods in the late afternoon , accompanied by his dogs .
Then they had always been UNK around him on these walks , UNK with delight , dashing off into the bushes on fruitless hunting expeditions , returning to jump up on him triumphantly with muddy UNK .
How in the world had he formerly found time to build up a business , raise a family , be on half a dozen boards , work actively on committees and either go out in the evening or plow through the contents of a UNK brief case ? ?
Perhaps it was his misfortune , or good fortune , whichever way one looked at it , to belong to the former group , and he was struggling unconsciously to build up pressure in a world which demanded none , which was positively antagonistic to it .
On some distant farm a UNK UNK and , far down the valley , an associate answered .
Best not to get everything at once .
It gave him a chance to unload the stuff and get it down to the cellar without a barrage of acid comments .
He followed Mr. Blatz up the cellar stairs .
`` We won't live long enough if I wait for you , besides which you don't need to worry -- UNK be plenty more '' .
UNK
In common UNK they would be described as misses -- UNK , UNK , UNK and UNK misdeeds .
Another woman , addressing Christmas cards , said to her husband : `` We sent them one last year but they didn't send us one , so they probably won't send us one this year because they'll think we won't send them one because they didn't last year , don't you think , or shall we '' ? ?
The misplaced modifier is another species more honored in the observance of obscurity than in the breach .
This creates an amusing effect because its position in a sentence seems to make it apply to the wrong word .
A verse familiar to all UNK is the UNK : `` I saw a man once beat his wife When on a drunken spree .
She kissed him UNK upon his UNK .
In news items a man is less often shot in the body or head than in the suburbs .
After a moment of thought , her mind cleared and , in the interest of clarity , she UNK into the record : `` UNK in the woods '' .
The comic indefinite UNK an extensive class of comedy .
It is but UNK '' .
The bodies must be cleaned and seats wiped off '' .
A politician was approached by a man seeking the office of a minor public official who had just died .
UNK to requests for character reference are notorious for their evasive UNK .
`` I seem to remember '' , he said , `` that in an interview ten years ago you gave humor and comedy five years to live .
`` UNK '' , I said .
`` One day our species promises UNK , and the next day it threatens UNK '' .
And the sheep said -- all in UNK , I have no doubt -- UNK ! !
`` That is only partly UNK '' , he began .
`` What a UNK fall was there '' ! !
UNK years ago an English writer , W. L. George , dealt with this subject in UNK of the Day , and said , as an example , that ' UNK George for UNK England ' would not start a spirit half so quickly as ' UNK UNK UNK dead ' '' ! !
UNK power not only UNK but it also UNK the mad .
He was very rude .
The policeman walked on , but he looked back once .
and so they were consistently true to their principles .
Asked the children , whose reflexes and replies were invariably so admirably normal and predictable .
`` Now , we're going to be like what General Burnside and his horse make us think of '' .
Then , they had to get up and be General Burnside .
That helped a great deal .
`` She really is a dear little thing '' , my mother agreed .
Actually , it was UNK to anyone not expecting it .
But the warm joy of her brown eyes was open to the general public .
She added .
But she was .
Sometimes , as at this UNK , he did not .
There had been some coconut in it , for I remember my mother's taking a quick glance at a UNK bit of this nut on the cheek of one of them and then putting down her radish with a shiver .
`` We go to the park with this nice lady '' , one of them said .
`` You do '' ? ?
This UNK the children into the revelation of exact truth , a sacrifice of their secret superiority over grown people , but a victory in the wide fields of UNK and UNK accomplishment .
The UNK UNK , a list of highly unusual terms used in connection with UNK UNK cults .
The breeze and chancellor Neitzbohr , a movie UNK that concerns the attempts of a West German politician to UNK a plaster cast of the Apollo UNK .
But now , under the guidance of the contemporary composer UNK UNK , Jr. , a major revival is under way .
A major portion of the credit should also go to UNK UNK for his rendering of the almost impossible `` Indianapolis '' movement in the UNK .
Max , in a fit of despair , takes UNK and runs off for two marvelous weeks in UNK ( Fink calls it `` the most wonderful and lovely fourteen days in my whole life '' ) , at the end of which UNK UNK contracts UNK disease and dies .
This brief resume hardly does the book justice , but I heartily recommend it to all those who are engages with the major problems of our time .
UNK to UNK along with him , UNK UNK UNK , a UNK and UNK UNK Italian UNK , turns in a creditable performance as an airplane mechanic .
You have UNK set in motion forces so UNK , so UNK , that it would be downright inhumane of me not to warn you about them .
Likewise the ivory Chinese female figure known as a `` doctor lady '' ( UNK UNK ) ; ;
Furthermore -- and this , to me , strikes an especially warming note -- it shall avail the UNK UNK to throw away or dispose of their UNK .
Still , there it is .
After a while , we became aware that the money was disappearing as fast as we UNK it .
UNK , he was frequently to be seen at restaurants like UNK & UNK or Peter's UNK UNK UNK ladies' hats and singing `` O UNK UNK '' .
In short , and to borrow an UNK phrase , UNK timber .
Well , the UNK little UNK went along UNK animals and humans who couldn't UNK , and in due course , as was inevitable , UNK himself .
My advice , if you live long enough to continue your UNK , is that the next time you're attracted by the exotic , pass it up -- it's nothing but a headache .
From what I was able to gauge in a swift , UNK glance , the figure inside the UNK UNK dress was UNK .
